along with five other great differentiators
about your school?

As customers scroll down your page, it's okay to use more words
than you are using in your header, but by more I really mean a few
more sentences here and there. Some of the most effective websites
I've reviewed have used ten sentences or less on the entire page.
That's the equivalent of about ten tweets or one press conference
with Bill Belichick.

If you do want to use a long section of text to explain something
(we do it on our site, in fact), just place a little "read more" link at
the end of the first or second sentence in a section of the website
down the page a bit so people can expand the text if they like. That
way you aren't bombarding customers with too much text.

As an experiment, let's see if you can cut half the words out of
your current website. Can you replace some of your text with
images? Can you reduce whole paragraphs into three or four bullet
points? Can you summarize sentences into snappy sound bites? If
so, make those changes soon. The rule is this: the fewer words you
use, the more likely it is that people will read them.

STAY ON SCRIPT

There are more than five things to consider when building your
website, of course, but if you added all the rest of the tips and
strategies together, they wouldn't make as big of a difference as
getting these five things right.

If you think about your StoryBrand BrandScript as a drum kit,
think of your website as a drum solo. There shouldn't be a single


word, image, or idea shared on your website that doesn't come from
the sound bites generated by your BrandScript. The words you use
in your marketing and messaging don't have to be the exact text you
have on your BrandScript, but the ideas should be the same. If
you're including messages on your website that don't come from one
of the categories of the SB7 framework, your customers will hear
only noise.

The big idea is to stay on script. People will engage your brand
only after they hear, understand, and perhaps even unknowingly
memorize your sound bites. If you want your words to spread, keep
your sound bites short and relevant, then repeat them everywhere
you can. If you do, you will engage more customers, and those
customers will place more orders. Why? Not because your message
is clever or even coercive but because you've finally made it clear.

When you hit the "Create a StoryBrand Messaging and Marketing
Campaign" button on your StoryBrand BrandScript at StoryBrand.AI,
you will be asked several questions that will inform the creation a
robust report including a tagline, one-liner, wireframed website, lead
generator, follow-up emails, sales script, narrative scripts for
YouTube videos and social media, podcast prompts and topics,
bonus ideas to create urgency, upsell product ideas, plug-and-play
social media posts, plus industry trends specific to your industry. The
website wireframe our artificial intelligence will create includes a few
more sections than I've included in this chapter, and you can edit
your wireframe so it reads exactly how you want. Your wireframe
can then be easily handed to a StoryBrand certified coach to be
designed and executed so that it generates (or improves) sales.


CHAPTER 15

HOW TO EXECUTE A STORYBRAND
MESSAGING AND MARKETING
CAMPAIGN

Transform your marketing by implementing your
clear message in a marketing system that works

So where do we go from here? Now that we have a StoryBrand
BrandScript, how can we use these powerful sound bites so they
have the greatest possible impact on our bottom line?

The StoryBrand Messaging and Marketing Campaign is a proven,
simple marketing system
is basically a
communication campaign you roll out so that customers hear about
your brand, begin to trust that you can solve their problems, and
then place orders.

that works. This

We have certified nearly a thousand StoryBrand coaches in the
last ten years, each of whom understands the framework and is
practiced in putting your sound bites in the right places within an
effective messaging and marketing campaign. In the hundreds of
meetings we've had with our coaches, they've shared with us what
works and what doesn't. This chapter is a summation of their most
effective practices. You can either create your messaging and
marketing campaign on your own or hire a coach to create some or
at
from
all

our Coach

campaign

directory

your

of


MarketingMadeSimple.com. What follows is a step-by-step execution
plan. Again, much of your rough draft can be done using the
StoryBrand Brain at StoryBrand.AI, but refining your work, designing
your messaging and marketing campaign, and hooking it up to a
CRM can all be done either by yourself or by one of our coaches.

YOUR STEP-BY-STEP PLAN

Every step you take should result in greater customer engagement
and more sales. You don't have to create your entire messaging and
marketing campaign all at once. That said, the more you create, the
more customers will encounter and understand your offer.

Also, once you're done creating your StoryBrand Messaging and
Marketing Campaign, create another one. My business has a dozen
or more messaging and marketing campaigns operating, and each of
them brings in leads that help us sell various products, from
certifications to workshops to masterminds and private strategy
sessions. Every morning I open my dashboard to see how many
leads came in for each product, and I can follow those leads down a
pipeline to see how many are converting to sales. In other words,
I'm able to predict revenue long before a customer purchases our
products, which is helpful knowledge to have when trying to grow a
small business. I want the same for you.

If you are going to create your messaging and marketing
campaigns plan yourself, what follows can serve as your complete
roadmap. If you have a marketing director on your team, simply
hand them this book and give them the task of completing the
BrandScript assignment (the previous chapters in this book) and the
StoryBrand Messaging and Marketing Campaign l that makes up this
final chapter.

The reason a StoryBrand Messaging and Marketing Campaign
works so well is because it guides customers through the three
stages of relationships: curiosity, enlightenment, and commitment.


When a potential customer hears your elevator pitch, they get
curious. The reason they get curious is because they suspect you
have a product or service that can help them. It's only when a
customer gets curious that they want to know more, so the first job
of a good messaging and marketing campaign is to make them
curious. After a customer gets curious, they begin to read a little
more about your product to "enlighten" themselves about whether
your product is right for them. In this enlightenment stage,
depending on how expensive or complicated the product adoption
might be, a customer may look around for reviews, read about your
product, ask their friends if they've used the product, or search
YouTube for videos about your product. If you have good
"enlightenment" material, customers will then move on to the third
phase of their relationship with you, and that is the "commitment"
phase in which they become willing to place an order.

Our goal as marketers is to create terrific curiosity collateral--that
is, sound bites on landing pages and digital ads and webinars and
the like that will pique a potential customer's curiosity. After we
create our curiosity collateral, we need to create enlightenment
include downloadable PDFs, webinars,
collateral, which may
breakout session presentations, automated email sequences,
YouTube videos, and other long-form marketing collateral. Once
we've created our enlightenment collateral, we need to make sure
our calls to action are clear, including sales emails, countdown
timers, special offers, and so on.

The job of a messaging and marketing campaign is to pique our
customers' curiosity; earn their trust with consistent, valuable
information; and then ask for the commitment by challenging them
to make a purchase. If you follow the step-by-step instructions in
this chapter, your StoryBrand Messaging and Marketing Campaign
will do the job perfectly.

With that, let's get started with the first step.


STEP ONE: GENERATE A STORYBRAND
BRANDSCRIPT

It goes without saying that your StoryBrand BrandScript is the
foundation of your messaging and marketing campaign. Until you
get the words right, your marketing will fail. To get the best results,
create a BrandScript for every major marketing initiative. You can do
this by reading this book, listening to the audiobook, or, if you want
to have a little fun, listen to StoryBrand Radio Theater Presents: Pete
and Joe Save Their Mother's Company on Audible or
Youtube.com/@storybrand. The radio theater version of Building a
StoryBrand is a fictional story that teaches the framework, followed
by me explaining a step-by-step process you can go through to
create a BrandScript. The radio theater version of Building a
StoryBrand was designed to be a quick and effective way for you (or
your team) to understand and create a BrandScript.

Once you've created your BrandScript, move on to step two.

STEP TWO: CREATE A ONE-LINER

Most people turn customers off the second they start talking about
their business. When somebody asks what we do and we answer
with something like, "Well, it's complicated" or "You see, fifty years
ago my grandfather started our company . . ." we've lost the
customer's interest immediately. Instead of rambling, though,
imagine memorizing a single statement you could recite to intrigue
and even engage a potential customer. Imagine this statement being
so powerful it causes people to ask for your business card or, better,
inquire about how they could place an order.

A one-liner is a better way to answer the question, "What do you
do?" It's more than a slogan or tagline; it's a single statement that
helps people realize why they need your products or services.
