# A spooky number of my readers have tax issues

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 02 May 2025 22:10:27 +0000
**ID:** 196930e0c34bb4a2
---

I don’t know why, exactly. But I like to think it means they’re making so many extra sales… Whatever the case, I bring this up because one of the “stealth” benefits to being one of my customers is, when they send me testimonials, and they’re good testimonials, it’s not unusual for the person who gave the testimonial to get new opt-ins, leads, or even business. Take, for example, Email Players subscriber Carlos Samaniego. He’s in the business of helping people with their IRS problems. And last month I published one of his testimonials in a daily email. The results he shared with me: * He landed two new clients * As he said, “It’s crazy how many of your readers have tax issues” * He also said that, while others in his industry are panicking about Trump's IRS plans, he sees it like the 2008 real estate chaos — a perfect opportunity where the strong thrive and the timid disappear. * Rather than retreating, he’s doubling down — increasing ad spend, ramping up emails, boosting social media presence, and creating more videos. * He has even hired a dedicated social media manager to implement his strategy of repurposing daily emails across platforms to grow his email list. * And, also as he put it: “Now is precisely the time to capture market share while everyone else is frozen in fear.” That’s the attitude to have. A market pullback is rarely pleasant for anyone. But it is always an opportunity. And the smart marketer will use it as an opportunity to work harder, seize more marketshare, and invest in more ways to grow their business instead of drinking, doom scrolling, and watching the news looking for ways to become more depressed, scared, and/or enraged. Which of those “camps” are you in? If you’re in the former, you’re a rare birdie indeed. If you’re in the latter, there’s not much I or anyone else can do to help you. But, if you’re NOT a sad sack like that, then you might like my free Settleheads Facebook group. You can join us here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/settleheads Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA