# Nobody knows anything about copywriting

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 18 May 2025 23:39:46 +0000
**ID:** 196e5c49b7f2f286
---

True story for copywriters who don’t want to suck: Last year I hired actress and star of one of my all-time favorite 80’s horror movies (Night of the Comet) who consulted me on my Zombie Cop screenplay - Kelli Maroni. And she used the term (talking about Hollywood) “nobody knows anything” several times. And the context is not to worry about what anyone necessarily thinks. Just write a cool story first and foremost. To illustrate this, she showed me a note written many years ago that said: === To Dan O’Bannon Dear Dan: Pursuant to our discussion, I am returning ALIEN. Thank you for the submission. Yours very truly, Louis S. Arkoff === Even ALIEN was rejected by a big shot producer. Yet today the franchise has been (so far) worth nearly $2 billion. Nobody knows anything indeed. Another example: This one about the blockbuster movie “Back To The Future” - specifically its title from Steven Spielberg to the director and producer (Yes, even Spielberg doesn’t know anything). In this case, ol' Steven said, “…I continue to believe the title leaves much to be desired” after which he suggested it be: “Space Man From Pluto.” Reminds me of the original title for "Think And Grow Rich" which was: "Use Your Noodle To Make More Boodle" Titles matter.. Another example of this "nobody knows anything" is from a movie producer to Clint Eastwood about the script for what would become one of his #1 highest grossing and most acclaimed movies: “Unforgiven.” Here are some snippets from a long letter trashing the script: “We would have been far better off not to have accepted trash like this piece of inferior work.” “It is completely lacking in believable and valid characterizations” “The language makes one wonder whether the writer had any vocabulary to begin with” “…[the] first 40 pages made me so sick, I’m have trouble putting the essence of them down on paper:” “I don’t know what the resolution of the plot is, and I don’t care. Neither would you.” “It is really an insult to this company which has always had high standards even to accept a property like this” “I can’t think of one good thing to say about it. Except maybe, get rid of it FAST.” This is a lot of copywriters & copywriting clients today, too, incidentally. It's a trope in copywriting where if the client likes the ad, it probably sucks. That trope doesn't exit in a vacuum. And it is not unusual for the test panel that everyone thought would not have an ice cube's chance of extinguishing the sun ends up winning handily. So if nothing else try to remember: Nobody knows anything until it runs. And the best way to give your business house odds you’re doing good, writing good copy, creating a chance to make good sales is to find a framework you can work within, study the market better than anyone else, and ruthlessly following the fundamentals of the craft. Do those things and the more “pushback” you get probably the more effective you’ll be. That’s been my experience, at least. And this especially includes copywriters and/or anyone NOT in the market, including copywriters who have successfully sold to a market, but are not "in" the market themselves, who often miss obvious stuff you can get by doing more market research. I saw this over and over in the self defense niche especially. My client (Captain Chris Pizzo - the biggest in the market at the time) found this out after having 10,000 of his customers run through an analysis with the Nielsen company that does TV ratings, etc. He found the gold was NOT in the part of the market Black Belt Magazine, etc targeted that all the other self defense niche copywriters targeted and copywriters (including me) thought were so awesome. They were “written” incredibly well, but they were not targeted all that great. My client went after - targeted - the big part of the market, the part of the market with money to spend, and that part that had very different motivations than the part of the market all the best-of-the-best copywriters in self defense were targeting at the time. Thus, my client cleaned up and was the biggest. That is why I don’t trust others’ “tests” or swipe file ads. I might use them as general beacons, maybe, or for certain intel. But those tests could show great results, yet those results could be much bigger by ignoring them and following the market, not other copywriters all following each other, assuming something is “working” because everyone is doing it. When, if anything, it’s only getting a pittance of what it could be getting if they stopped fapping to copywriting checklists and swipe files and so-called AI which bungles research so badly I recently read how some lawyers are even getting disbarred from relying on it… and cared more about the market and only the market first, then build the ad, claims, headlines, bullets, CTA’s, stories, etc from and around that. So it’s true: Nobody knows anything except the market. In fact, the nearly 500 pages of ads I show in my Copy Slacker book were often resisted by the clients that ran them, other than the self-defense ads, because that client had a market-first approach, and not a marketing-first approach. Anyway, enough. If you want Copy Slacker while it’s still on sale, best hurry, Speedy Gonzalez. The deadline to get it (tonight, Sunday 5/18 at midnight EDT) is almost here. Use this link to read more, and the code below for a fat discount: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/slacker Use code: ROPER at the checkout. Make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA