# frustrated

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 26 Sep 2025 02:45:04 +0000
**ID:** 19983ea62c42bad4
---

Last year I read an intriguing book called: "Make Something Wonderful: Steve Jobs in his own words" Dan Kennedy recommended it in his newsletter at the time. And I found it to be quite a fascinating book that is a bunch of Steve Jobs internal memos & emails, interviews, talks, etc. It was especially interesting to me, though, how the main reason they created the iPhone sounded like it was purely what I describe in my elBenbo Press book as: “Sociological Marketing” As far as what exactly that means: It’s a term I invented some years ago to describe the way I built my own newsletter & book publishing company as nobody else was really doing it, much less teaching or talking about it. And it was heavily influenced by guys like Steve Jobs, Walt Disney, etc. It’s the opposite, in some ways, of what most direct response marketers do (what I call “psychological marketing”) in as much as Sociological Marketing’s not first about metrics, numbers, stats, tests, tracking or any of that. As far as Jobs goes: The iPhone was, for example, purely Sociological Marketing. In other words, zero formal market research. No looking at any financial spreadsheets. And if anything Jobs avoided hard data analysis, statistics, testing for demand, etc. Instead, it was all created out of pure… Frustration. Specifically, Jobs said: "It was driven by the fact that we all hated our phones. We talked to all of our friends and all the people we knew, and they all hated their phones. And we thought, 'This is a really important device, and everybody hates it. They don't know how to use even 10 percent of the features that are on these phones!' . . . You know, almost every phone let's you set up a conference call. Nobody knows it! They'll never figure it out! It's on page 93 of the manual they didn't read, and it's seven, eight cryptic keys! And you can do it, and nobody ever does it - because they don't know it's there. And that's true of feature after feature after feature." What was most ironic about this is: How Troy Broussard and I have done things on the businesses we partner on both in SaaS and, most recently, the Low Stress Trading business he founded, and I later invested in as an owner. We have zero desire to do almost anything you see IM goo-roos teach and talk about. We don’t fap ourselves blind to jargon like LTV, or whatever. We couldn’t care less about chasing “what’s working now” We only care about do what works - and always has. And we sure as God made little green apples don’t use so-called “AI” to do anything. In fact, Troy has banned anyone from using or even mentioning it in the community because it can only make people dumber, less successful with the trading framework he invented, and bigger pains in the ass on the helpdesk, amongst other reasons. More: Our Low Stress Trading company is the most "pure" form of Sociological Marketing I have seen yet. Including more than my own book & newsletter company. And this became even more apparent to me in June when we sold it to Email Players subscriber and NY Times Bestselling author and host of the biggest podcasts on the internet Tom Woods' audience, that brought in so much revenue Troy was scrambling the whole time to get all our merchant account limits raised so we could handle the volume. A good problem to have, indeed. That was not a function of typical direct marketer “psychological marketing.” That was a function of Sociological Marketing. And a big function of that was not only Tom's incredibly curated audience and list, but the Sociologically-built business structure we work within. Like I said, I wrote the dayem books about this subject and even my OWN Email Players marketing "universe" of offers isn't as Sociologically "pure" as Low Stress Trading is. Part of this means we use or pay attention to very few metrics. During the company’s enormous and quick growth (on track to be potentially an 8-figure company by this time next year, where it will be only in its 4th year of existence, if that tells you something..) not a single soul involved has even so much as mentioned LTV, CPL, CPA, CPC, CTR, CAC... much less open rates, clickthrough rates, opt-in rates, unsubscribe rates, or any other rates. Even the metrics we do pay attention to are just to keep score. And certainly not anything obsessed over. Like, for example: The company has grown something like 400% in the past 12 months without doing anything any goo-roo is out there pounding their chests about. There are no sophisticated funnels (not even 1-click upsells yet, although they’re on the way...) And there is no going blind staring at opens, clicks, or conversion rates. We sure as hades don't use so-called AI for anything - not content, or teaching, or coding (we have a Pedro and his team for that), or to "save time", or managing the logistics of team assignments & project management (we have Email Players subscribers John Wood and a Nicole English for that), or customer service (we have a Low Stress Trading Client Advocate Jenny Hendricks for that), or onboarding (we have Email Players subscriber Lindsay Sewell for that), or anything else. It’s quite the well-oiled Sociologically-structured company. Anyway, I can talk about and explain Sociological Marketing all day long. And I have, in several of my books & products. But what I have not really done is walk my boys & ghouls through what this looks like, in real time, in a business outside of my book & newsletter company. So in the October Email Players issue I decided to change that, and cover the big ways we use, apply, profit from Sociological Marketing. And how we do iso without doing all the inanely boring, needlessly stressful, and I argue less profitable psychological marketing all your favorite goo-roos only know and do. It might sound like I’ll be revealing proprietary info. But alas.. no. There is nothing to hide or conceal about Sociological Marketing. You could observe what we do just by being a customer. Just like the trading framework Troy teaches in that company which in some ways it’s been around since 300 B.C. (Before Christ). There are no "hacks" or secret hand shakes. And there is nothing to game or manipulate. If anything, it's a very analog (as the AI goo-roo fanboys like to say of late) and, dare I say, "dinosaur" marketing framework. All I do in the October issue is arrange everything in an accessible way. What you do with it, is up to you. You can read more about the October issue in the PS below. Or, to subscribe before the looming deadline, go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s a glimpse of what you will learn inside the October issue - assuming you subscribe before I send the list to the printer and turn it off in the cart: * How using porn-o disgraced two of the most brilliant direct marketers who ever walked the face of the Earth. (You can still learn a lot from these two - even if it’s a what-NOT-to-do situation.) * A sneaky storytelling secret used by a soap opera that’s been running non-stop for 62 YEARS... that can make it hard for customers to resist engaging with & buying your offers. * A real life example for how to “stack” 2, 3, 4, even 5 or more subscription/continuity offers without suffering from withering churn or burning customers out. * The “Jenny Factor” secret used by Walt Disney that can dramatically cut down on churn and dramatic sales dips - even during bad economies. * How to (100% legally & ethically) use a method perfected by an abusive, cult-like 1970’s self-help group to get so many more affiliates sales it will probably legitimately freak you out! (It freaked us out a bit, at least, when we started implementing it...) * What to if you’re kind of an off-putting jerk & arsehole but want to build good will and strong customer relationships. * A powerful sales conversion secret David Ogilvy discovered in the 1940’s (when working in the movie business) that can work even better for online businesses today. * An ingenious lead gen trick used by the world’s largest TV ministry (beamed into some 20-30 million households per day for the last 40 years) to rake in more revenue than they know what to do with... and without without begging (if anything they literally mock beggars), fundraisers, passing plates, or emotionally blackmailing people. * The startling discovery behind the most profitable marketing “funnel” that has probably ever been invented. * Why our Chief software developer Pedro (a true savant whose used his coding skills to build a platform for brain cancer research at a major university, if that tells you something...) refuses to code with so-called AI. (If anything, our business that has done over 400% growth in the last year, is hiring MORE developers even as everyone else is foolishly firing their teams to “save money.”) * A shrewd secret for growing a better and more responsive email list used by Old Testament farmers to grow better and more abundant crops. * The controversial “F-bomb” secret behind the enormous success of some of the most successful brands in history. (Including from beloved children TV hosts/authors like Mister Rogers and Dr. Seuss... to the most reviled church on the planet, polarizing filmmakers, late night talk show hosts and more. If they are/were big, chances are they did this F-bomb trick hardly any online businesses do.) * Advice to frustrated freelance copywriters who see clients doing dumb shyt all the time that only makes your job harder and response lower. * Ten people to study and model for World-Building to create a business people love to enter and hate to leave. (In my experience you will learn far more about growing a business observing these 10 people - many who aren’t/weren’t even “businesses” - than you will from some goo-roo prancing around a seminar stage or mastermind room.) * Insider secrets for potentially making more sales & more profits by NOT using 1-click upsells. * Why obsessing over direct marketing jargon like LTV, CPL, CPA, CPC, CTR, CAC... is a recipe for frustration, churn, & failure. (And what my businesses do that can create far more joy, peace of mind, and, yes, consistent cash flow.) * The “tyranny of metrics” phenomenon that can cause otherwise brilliant brands to make colossally stupid decisions, piss off all their customers, and even outright collapse almost overnight! * Why “selling the click” in emails (like spammers all do) is amateur hour at best... and what works far better to make sales, grow relationships, and create life time customers. * Why you should be ultra-skeptical of any SaaS offer that is NOT a subscription model. (Screw it. I might as well just give this one away here: People bitch & moan about subscriptions... but all them new development features, updates, and bug fixes ain’t gonna pay for themselves. Avoid cheapskates if you sell software, and everyone will be happier - including people who DON’T buy because it’s an “oh noes!” subscription.) * How to potentially create a customer base so rabid and “in heat” to support your business that cheerfully and aggressively refers almost everyone they know to you. * Why the vast majority of “name” goo-roos you see are not that great of marketers... just great at building audiences. (No need to take my word for it, simply observe them - especially the ones shilling so-called AI suddenly. It’s not like they hide this fact. More on this inside.) * How to make a bundle of new sales by deliberately NOT spending a lot of time on launch strategy, sales copy, emails, or campaigns. * A totally “counterintuitive” way one of my businesses uses to recruit the best affiliates in our network (Including one who recently put in over 500+ new members into our $1,000 up front, $100/month offer recently, with a couple more seriously interested who could very well dwarf that. You do the math...) * How to help figure out what business you are “really” in to create long term wealth far beyond what you ever could dream of now. Something to know before reading further: This inner game approach I teach inside has been used by everyone from Trump and Walt Disney to companies like Subway and Starbucks. We’ve been using it, for example, in our software business to be on track to make more cash flow/sales over the next 5 years than from the offers we sell in the company. If you do nothing but read, understand, and apply this, it can pay for literally 100 YEARS of your Email Players subscription. No joke, and no exaggeration. This is the #1 most profitable thing I have ever learned (from Dan Kennedy). And I am passing it on to those who read the October Email Players issue. To subscribe go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA