# How to have a multiple fan girls fantasy business

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 23 Jun 2025 16:44:42 +0000
**ID:** 1979dae8a0d94fc6
---

Came a question: === I have recently discovered that I love writing and I would really love to have my own email list to talk to I call it my " multiple fan girls fantasy " The problem is I dont have any digital product to lure readers into So what should I do === The answer is the same answer I’ve been giving for many years, to online businesses, with or without fan girls fawning all over them. Although, admittedly, I don’t think anyone really wants to hear the answer. But that doesn’t stop me from giving the advice anyway, though. Anyway, the advice? 1. Grow an email list you mail every day with interesting and useful content 2. Sell ‘em something that gives a great experience & improves lives 3. Sell those buyers something else When you get there, you’ll see further. But most people never get there. I would argue the majority never even do step 1, much less steps 2 & 3. They not only can’t see the horizon line from which, if they make it there, they’ll see further, but they never even get outside to see the horizon at all. It’s a strange time we live in where so many are terminally online but don’t actually do much selling online. I can’t really help those schlubs. I don’t think anyone can. Not really. Not until they pull their heads out of their arses. For those who can do the above steps, though, I refer you to the paid Email Players newsletter. More info here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA