# World-building advice for the "give value!" goo-roos

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 01 Oct 2025 03:15:15 +0000
**ID:** 1999dc5712d06529
---

A few months ago, I was interviewed on the “The Your Life. Your Terms. Show” hosted by Anthony Molinaro. And we yammered on about everything from email and copywriting to so-called AI and even World-Building in business. Below is a bit from the show on the World-Building side. World-Building being a “World” inside your business customers/clients love to enter and hate to leave. Here is the bit about that, for your reading displeasure: === BEN SETTLE: ...I have built this out into World-Building over the last several years. And since 2014, I've been talking about it. I write fiction too, and my first novel was out there, and I got this email from this lady on my list. She goes, “I am with a New York agency and work with editors. I just want to know I don't like your emails but I liked your book. It has great world building and pacing.” And I thought, “huh. I think I've been doing this in my business too.” You build a World people want to come into and don't want to leave, and this can be done through email, social media, a podcast like yours...It's giving them a reason to be in your World and only focus on you and hopefully ignore all the nonsense out there. ANTHONY MOLINARO: Do you have to share your personality? Do you have to be vulnerable? How do you actually maintain that over time? How do you consistently deliver something that other people want to be a part of? BEN SETTLE: The best thing I could recommend people do is to study great World-Builders. So for example, Mister Rogers was a great World Builder. Another great World-Builder was Johnny Carson. Now you can’t find two different people. They're both totally different. Dr. Seuss was a good World-Builder. Tolkien was a good World-Builder. George Lucas - another great World-Builder, And they're all different, and they're all coming at it from different points of view. They're different intentions. What they're doing is they created a format. If you really look at those guys and other great World-Builders, they create a format. And it's funny how many of them lasted at least 30 years. Nothing changed about Mr. Rogers for 30 years other than he took a five year break. Johnny Carson show 30 years, right? Star Wars has been well over 30 years and so on and on and on. But they create a format and they stick with it. And the format, I think is what keeps people in there and not wanting to leave and just being a consistent person, a consistent message, and the world is always changing. There's always something to talk about. There's always some problem to be solved. You just become that person who's solving the problem and talking about it. It's funny because Mister Rogers gave no value, nothing. He never gave tips. All he did was talk about problems. That's it. He just talked about the problems and their feelings, and that was it. He never solved anything. He never pretended to solve anything. He never claimed to solve anything, but people went there. This is a guy, his mom told him when he was young, said, look, when the world starts going crazy and everybody's scared, just look for the helpers. Look for who the helpers are and be one of them. And that's, I think the whole core of it. Be the helper in your niche, in your market, the person they look to for strength, for solutions, even just to read what you have on your mind about the things they're going through. And I think that simplifies things. You don't have to worry about, do I need to be vulnerable? Do I need to write about this? Do I need to get value? No, I mean, that'll just happen. Whatever you need to do to do it, it'll happen. But start with that. How can I be the helper? How can I serve these people? What can I say today that's going to be worth their time, is going to be fun to write and fun for them to read and just talk about whatever, and that is never going to be a set format and email players. I give various ways of approaching it, but the reality is, I mean, I just do whatever's on my mind. === Anyway, I hope you found that useful. If not, then I guess I was not a very good helper... Like I said, World-Building is something you do when you engage in Sociological Marketing like I talk about in the upcoming October Email Players issue. I don’t think it talks about World-Building in there, but it is all about how we have been using Sociological Marketing in our Low Stress Trading company to get something like 400% growth in the last year alone. And doing it without sweating bullets over “metrics.” Or jargon. Or majoring in the minors like psychological marketers tend to do. Other than tracking cold advertising (which we don’t do a lot of) for ROI, etc, we just focus on big picture stuff - stuff I believe any business reading this can also focus on, see big results, and take a lot more joy and have a lot more fun during the process. And, yes, I believe you would see bigger profits, too. You can read more about it in the P.S. below. This is the last email I am sending about this. When I send the list to the printer in a few, it’ll be too late to subscribe in time to get it. A harsh lesson many have learned the hard way by being procrastinators. I don’t reward bad behavior like the “Give value!” boys & ghouls do. So here’s the link one final time: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s a lil’ taste o’ what’s inside the October Email Players issue: * How using porn-o disgraced two of the most brilliant direct marketers who ever walked the face of the Earth. (You can still learn a lot from these two - even if it’s a what-NOT-to-do situation.) * A sneaky storytelling secret used by a soap opera that’s been running non-stop for 62 YEARS... that can make it hard for customers to resist engaging with & buying your offers. * A real life example for how to “stack” 2, 3, 4, even 5 or more subscription/continuity offers without suffering from withering churn or burning customers out. * The “Jenny Factor” secret used by Walt Disney that can dramatically cut down on churn and dramatic sales dips - even during bad economies. * How to (100% legally & ethically) use a method perfected by an abusive, cult-like 1970’s self-help group to get so many more affiliates sales it will probably legitimately freak you out! (It freaked us out a bit, at least, when we started implementing it...) * What to if you’re kind of an off-putting jerk & arsehole but want to build good will and strong customer relationships. * A powerful sales conversion secret David Ogilvy discovered in the 1940’s (when working in the movie business) that can work even better for online businesses today. * An ingenious lead gen trick used by the world’s largest TV ministry (beamed into some 20-30 million households per day for the last 40 years) to rake in more revenue than they know what to do with... and without without begging (if anything they literally mock beggars), fundraisers, passing plates, or emotionally blackmailing people. * The startling discovery behind the most profitable marketing “funnel” that has probably ever been invented. * Why our Chief software developer Pedro (a true savant whose used his coding skills to build a platform for brain cancer research at a major university, if that tells you something...) refuses to code with so-called AI. (If anything, our business that has done over 400% growth in the last year, is hiring MORE developers even as everyone else is foolishly firing their teams to “save money.”) * A shrewd secret for growing a better and more responsive email list used by Old Testament farmers to grow better and more abundant crops. * The controversial “F-bomb” secret behind the enormous success of some of the most successful brands in history. (Including from beloved children TV hosts/authors like Mister Rogers and Dr. Seuss... to the most reviled church on the planet, polarizing filmmakers, late night talk show hosts and more. If they are/were big, chances are they did this F-bomb trick hardly any online businesses do.) * Advice to frustrated freelance copywriters who see clients doing dumb shyt all the time that only makes your job harder and response lower. * Ten people to study and model for World-Building to create a business people love to enter and hate to leave. (In my experience you will learn far more about growing a business observing these 10 people - many who aren’t/weren’t even “businesses” - than you will from some goo-roo prancing around a seminar stage or mastermind room.) * Insider secrets for potentially making more sales & more profits by NOT using 1-click upsells. * Why obsessing over direct marketing jargon like LTV, CPL, CPA, CPC, CTR, CAC... is a recipe for frustration, churn, & failure. (And what my businesses do that can create far more joy, peace of mind, and, yes, consistent cash flow.) * The “tyranny of metrics” phenomenon that can cause otherwise brilliant brands to make colossally stupid decisions, piss off all their customers, and even outright collapse almost overnight! * Why “selling the click” in emails (like spammers all do) is amateur hour at best... and what works far better to make sales, grow relationships, and create life time customers. * Why you should be ultra-skeptical of any SaaS offer that is NOT a subscription model. (Screw it. I might as well just give this one away here: People bitch & moan about subscriptions... but all them new development features, updates, and bug fixes ain’t gonna pay for themselves. Avoid cheapskates if you sell software, and everyone will be happier - including people who DON’T buy because it’s an “oh noes!” subscription.) * How to potentially create a customer base so rabid and “in heat” to support your business that cheerfully and aggressively refers almost everyone they know to you. * Why the vast majority of “name” goo-roos you see are not that great of marketers... just great at building audiences. (No need to take my word for it, simply observe them - especially the ones shilling so-called AI suddenly. It’s not like they hide this fact. More on this inside.) * How to make a bundle of new sales by deliberately NOT spending a lot of time on launch strategy, sales copy, emails, or campaigns. * A totally “counterintuitive” way one of my businesses uses to recruit the best affiliates in our network (Including one who recently put in over 500+ new members into our $1,000 up front, $100/month offer recently, with a couple more seriously interested who could very well dwarf that. You do the math...) * How to help figure out what business you are “really” in to create long term wealth far beyond what you ever could dream of now. Something to know before reading further: This inner game approach I teach inside has been used by everyone from Trump and Walt Disney to companies like Subway and Starbucks. We’ve been using it, for example, in our software business to be on track to make more cash flow/sales over the next 5 years than from the offers we sell in the company. If you do nothing but read, understand, and apply this, it can pay for literally 100 YEARS of your Email Players subscription. No joke, and no exaggeration. This is the #1 most profitable thing I have ever learned (from Dan Kennedy). And I am passing it on to those who read the October Email Players issue. To subscribe go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA