# Bruce Willis’ financial security secret for surviving hard times

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 30 Jun 2025 19:45:27 +0000
**ID:** 197c25fa38935cb5
---

True story for the ages: Recently, I was reading about some advice Bruce Willis gave Samuel Jackson that can not only help give you a ho bunch of financial peace of mind for your business during withering economies when nothing seems to be going right... but also keep your business from being buried in irrelevance, begging for engagement like the copywriters honking like clowns at each other with so-called AI prompts are currently doing, being lost in a horde of broccoli heads who all came online during the fake pandemic - clogging up inboxes with cold emails, rage bait TikTok brain rot, and nonstop algorithm chasing. When these guys get drafted into the next forever war, watch your response triple. You heard it here first... Anyway, back to the show: This advice Bruce gave Jackson was also used by other movie stars who have lasted the test of time going back to the 80’s - like Arnold, Stallone, Mel Gibson, and even Keanu Reeves. These guys make lots of duds. Total box office bombs. And most movie stars would start to see their income and bankability suffer as a result. Not so these particular guys. These guys have long used the Bruce Willis secret. And I use it, too, in my own business. I do this on the regular now, so it’s unlikely to be a problem.... but IF I were to have a bunch of offers bomb, if my emails suddenly started failing, if my sales copy not bought from... I’d simply triple down on doing this and I would not even have to worry about it. I daresay I suspect you won’t either. That is, if you understand this secret and exactly how I apply it. Something you can learn in the July Email Players issue, if you subscribe in time. Today’s the deadline to get in. After I send the list to the printer, it’ll be too late. More about the specifics inside this issue in the P.S. Or else, to subscribe go here while you still can: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. As far as what the July Email Players issue teaches: * A crazy-ass Method Acting trick that helped my sales copy build a six figure per month business in the golf niche. (I’d never even played golf at the time, yet this trick beat the hell out of the control written by a far more seasoned golf niche copywriter right out the gate.) * The “multiple personality” phenomenon for writing world class email and sales copy. (If you haven’t “heard” the voices of the markets you’ve written to haunting your psyche 24/7 years after writing the copy, it means you’re still sane, but probably not making the sales you could. Use at your own risk.) * The semi-insulting reason reason Email Players subscribers without the ability to think abstractly struggle with using the content. (Something to consider before subscribing - don’t say you weren’t warned.) * How to make your emails, social media, sales copy more fun for people to consume than their favorite Netflix, Hulu, Apple, Amazon, and other streaming shows/movies. * An ingenious method (used by Marlon Brando in his most celebrated roles) that can potentially ramp up your email engagement and sales as much as 2 or even 3x over time . * A sneaky acting technique (I’ve never seen a single marketing goo-roo teach) seen in “The Godfather” that created chillingly perfect performances... and how to use it to create such almost chillingly strong relationships with your leads, prospects, customers, and clients they may not want to buy from anyone BUT you. * Advice to people who write emails and social media posts in advance to potentially cut your writing time in half - and without using TikTok brain-level generative AI. * The single best free resource (found on Facebook) I’ve ever used for hammering out infotaining emails, social media posts, audio/video content, and even sales copy. (Next time you get “stuck” for ideas simply go to this Facebook page, read a post or two, and watch as interesting, engaging, and cashflow-creating content will probably flow right out of your brain. That’s been my experience, at least.) * A shrewd market research tip from actor Christopher Lloyd that make your business a pile of new sales almost immediately - and possibly even the first time you use it. (A caveat: if you suck at pattern recognition this tip WILL NOT work. Fair warning...) * The 6-word “folk horror” secret behind some of the highest grossing sales letters ever penned. * The little-talked about infotaining sales letter/email template (used in certain Gary Halbert and John Carlton ads - if you know what to look for) I’ve been quietly using in my most engaging content for over 20 years. * A beat-for-beat breakdown of one of the most profitable emails I’ve ever written that was 14 PAGES long! (Email goo-roos saying long emails don’t “work” should be ignored. And this email proves it. Inside I walk you through my 14-page monster you can probably use in your very next email to get more engagement & sales, if you choose.) * The “never have to worry about money ever again” secret used by Bruce Willis and Samuel Jackson to get all the money, fame, and respect they could stand... even though they made far MORE box office duds than successes. (This trick was also used by Stallone, Keanu Reeves, Mel Gibson, Arnold, and others... and if you know what you’re doing, you can apply this directly to your own business to STEAL engagement and sales right out from under your competitors’ noses.) * A dire warning from a Mad Man-era advertiser whose advice seems almost like prophecy today for anyone using generative so-called “AI” to create content. Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA