# The Profit Kennedy speakeths

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 06 Jun 2025 14:45:03 +0000
**ID:** 19745b406729de16
---

I have never met Dan Kennedy in person (only by FAX and Zoom). And he did say we should do something together, although neither of us travels. But from almost 25 years of studying his books, courses, newsletters, talks, and various training programs nobody but nobody does angry, frustrated boomer like Dan Kennedy in his excellent newsletter that Pete the Printer publishes. It has a lot of political ranting and critiques of culture, and where America is headed (which I agree with every single word of). And in many ways he has filled the hole in my life that Rush Limbaugh left when he joined the choir invisible. It’s a lot of glorious “get off my lawn” level info. And I enjoy every single word of it and, yes, highly recommend subscribing. (Don’t ask me how to find it, they’re clever about hiding it, look up Pete the Printer…) Of course, the liberals almost certainly think Dan’s exaggerating or just raving like a lunatic. But if anything, he nails society’s (and the business world’s) problems and their solutions better than anyone I’ve ever seen. It’s worth paying for just for that if nothing else. He also does world class “righteous indignation” too. And in one of his newsletter issues last year he topped himself with the disclaimer, of all places. The disclaimer wisely and totally understandably says it’s illegal to disseminate content inside, which is what everyone does. But, he then takes it another step by saying: You are also not allowed to even so much as REPORT on the content inside. And, yes, he specifically said with social media. Frankly, according to the disclaimer, I am coming dangerously close here to getting a cease & desist just by reporting about what that disclaimer says - which is kind of ironic in and of itself. Whatever the case: Just as nobody, but nobody does angry boomer ranting like Dan Kennedy, nobody does stealth selling/combining content with pitching like him either. In fact, direct marketing historian (if he can’t find it, it doesn’t exist) Phil Alexander once combed through Dan’s original (from 1996, not the updated one from 2004) NO BS Time Management book. And can you guess what he found? No? Then I shalt tell you: He found no less than 51 instances of indirect selling (combining content with promotion) in that 108 page book. Dan is truly the master at it. And I bring that up because I see him doing such stealth selling even in his “throw away” type content like his disclaimer. Stuff you would not think is tactical but is. And intentional. And, yes, profitable. I’ve never asked him about this, merely observed it. And I show you exactly what I mean inside my new “Email Players Annual #3: Copywriting Conversations With God” offer - which is a giant-sized (in both physical size and its 68 page count) annual issue that exists outside the main newsletter, as a standalone. I gifted it to Email Players subscribers last year to celebrate the newsletter’s 13-year anniversary. But now I am making it available to the public. At least, until Sunday, 6/8 at midnight EDT. This Dan Kennedy secret inside is so powerful I made it the first tip. And I DEFY anyone to use it, apply it, put some time into it and not see a dramatic jump in engagement, response, and sales. Especially over time. It’s something Jesus Christ Himself used to be more engaging and influential and turn 12 ordinary men into a worldwide religion in a very short period of time, too. Imagine what it can potentially do for your business… Anyway, you can read more about it at the link below. I am also giving a valuable bonus to those who get it by the Sunday 6/8 at midnight EDT deadline that you can read about in the P.S. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/convo Ben Settle P.S. As for the bonus, it’s called: "The Stefania Files: Vol 5” These are three “back room”-style candid - and at times heated & antagonistic - conversations between Stefania and me about copywriting, marketing, email, and business. It is all raw, with nothing held back - the kind of talks we have privately when nobody is around, except I pushed record on my phone and let 'em rip this time. (NOTE: You will need a smart phone or iPad to access this bonus - see below for details.) A few of the tips inside include: * What to focus most on in your sales copy if you want your offer not only bought but also consumed, used, applied, and the “gospel” of your offer spread far and wide to bring in more buyers. * A real life example (easily modeled for your own ads) for how to “cancel out” your competition so readers might not even bother wanting to buy from anyone but your business. * What to use as your first bullet point in your ads if you are not sure which one to start with. * A nearly “turn key” framework for selling books I gave to one of Stefania’s coaching clients. * What to use as your opt-in bribe that can not only get you more opt-ins, but more sales of your first offer almost by “default.” * The psychology behind creating an opt-in bribe that can potentially ratchet up your sales far beyond whatever you’re getting now. * How to use Amazon’s own algorithms to help generate higher quality (and more likely to buy) leads for your business. * A simple question to ask yourself that can potentially very quickly (and, frankly, almost instantly) help you create the perfect title for your opt-in bribes. * What certain, very ordinary doctors do that gets them called geniuses that you can apply to your content. * A free way to find out if you secretly have a deadly disease circulating throughout your body right now! (Nothing to do with marketing and advertising. But you might find it useful if you care about living a longer, healthier, and more robust life.) And that’s just for starters. You can read more of what’s inside at the link. Also, very important: You’ll need a smart phone or iPad to access this bonus. So keep that in mind before buying this offer if you want this bonus. Here’s the link again: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/convo This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA