# “I’m not going to say John Carlton is full of shyt, but…”

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 20 Jul 2025 21:44:35 +0000
**ID:** 19829cbd016c454b
---

Here is a quickie about one of my all-time favorite copywriters: The great John Carlton. I have never met the guy but his teachings have radically improved my copywriting, email, marketing, selling, persuasion, etc over the last 23+ years since first being introduced to his wicked ways. Specifically, I want to tell you about how last year I (publicly) said he might just be full of shit once while teaching to Email Players subscriber Brian Kurtz’s Titans X-cellerators. Here’s what happened: During the call I was asked what I thought about Mr. Carlton saying not to be entertaining. I don’t recall the exact context of the question. Or if I even asked for clarification on it. I just remember saying: “I’m not going to say John Carlton is full of shit, but…” And then proceeded to give my take on the subject. In this case: By me asking the audience hypothetically: “Isn’t this is the guy who literally wrote the tabloid-like headline about the one-legged golfer…?” (he also said, in his own copywriting course, to pretend you are writing a headline for the National Enquirer... a celebrity entertainment rag)... while giving ol’ JC the benefit of the doubt that there was context to what he said, and that probably he was doing his people a favor if he is referring to them just throwing mindless jokes into their ads just for the sake of it or whatever. If that is the case, I'd be the last to disagree with him in such a case. But Infotainment ain’t just cracking jokes, necessarily. And there are obviously subjects that don’t lend themselves to being “funny.” Like writing about cancer or herpes, for example. Ain’t nothing amusing about those topics but you can use infotainment to sell offers about them. Brian also jumped in to talk about how many great ads used entertainment - like the late, great Jim Rutz’ ads often did. And who could forget that control ad headline for some kind of health offer from many years ago that said, "Get Back On That Couch!"...? So no, I don’t really think John Carlton is full of shit. (For the pedantic reply guy whose first instinct is to tattle, please do, just make sure you spell my name right.) But, I do think a lot of people out in marketing-land confuse entertainment-value with just being entertaining for the sake of it, and trying to be funny for the sake of it, and not as a principle of persuasive communication. Which brings me to my book: “Infotainment Jackpot” It’s on sale until tonight, and is everything I’ve been using, perfecting, and teaching on the subject for the past nearly 20 years after learning it from the great and esteemed "KING of Infotainment" Matt Furey (who, incidentally, gave the book a glowing testimonial after he read it). It also contains my training on the subject to the writers and editors of $400 million Agora Financial. Plus, it has two very profitable infotainment methods I tested and mastered after that presentation, and includes some 80 pages of examples & exhibits, and a bunch of articles on the subject I’ve written in “Email Players” throughout the years. The sale ends tonight, Sunday 7/20, at midnight EDT. Until then, my hearty Horde can have it for over $100.00 off the regular price. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/jackpot Use coupon code: BENGOOLIE Make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA