# folk horror secret of an insanely profitable 14-page email

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 30 Jun 2025 16:50:13 +0000
**ID:** 197c1c034adef70a
---

An exhausted guy on my list recently told me in broken English I write too long of emails. He said he was tired & bored. And he asked me to write shorter emails. No. If anything, he got me to thinking about one of the most profitable emails I ever done wrote that clocks in a fat 14 pages long. But instead of boring a bunch of people, it’s keeps them engaged, interested, and going by sales... buying. The reason? I believe because it’s based on pure, unadulterated, and uncircumcised... Folk horror! Yes my pet, Folk Horror tales are some of the best email “templates” you can ever use. If you want to get a power lesson on how to do this in your own emails I suggest you not only read lots of folk horror (my favorite kind of story growing up, very fun), but watch, and then re-watch a documentary about it on Amazon called: “Woodlands Dark And Days Bewitched: A History Of Folk Horror” Listen up, listen good, and remember ye for the rest of your days: The very same powers that make folklore endure and last the test of time are the exact same powers that make great emails and other advertising last the test of time. You could even say a great ad IS folklore of a copywriter’s own creation. And, in many cases depending on the market (like my 14 pager), Folk HORROR. And, of course, it’s all infotainment. In this case, that infotainment was in the form what the documentary described as: “When the prozaic meets the uncanny.” i.e., when the ordinary meets the extraordinary. This is the best and most enduring kind of storytelling. * Think Spider-Man: bullied nerd gets bit by radioactive spider. * Or The Lion, The Witch, And The Wardrobe: little girl walks into wardrobe and finds herself in a magical land with talking animals. * Or Charles Atlas’ “The Insult That Made A Man Out Of Mac” ad that ran for decades nearly unchanged: deathly skinny, “girl repellant” teen gets humiliated at beach, orders book that lets him kick the bully’s ass, and gets the girl. * Or nearly every Gary Halbert or John Carlton ad in weight loss, golf, self defense, finance, niches: fat woman goes literally insane with worry and doubt about husband leaving her then gets report and is skinny, happy, has her man back… or “old, out-of-shape, pain-ridden golfer hobbles up to the tee and whacks it 500 yards straight down the middle winning bets and having all his friends beg him for how he does it.” And so on, and so forth. These are not merely “ads”, they’re solid examples of…Folklore. And, I’d argue, Folk Horror, depending on the market/niche/story. Like, for instance, John Carlton’s infamous headline: [Your Name] And Family Seriously Injured In Vicious Attack By Gang Members! Imagine getting that in the mail. With YOUR full name in the headline which is the way they mailed it. The Vision, the emotional impact upon seeing it in your head, the anger, and perhaps desire to call up the advertiser and tell him to: “Go to hell!” But you keep reading, because you just can’t resist. And you start to read about a “chat” the guy writing you had with someone in the FBI about all the reports suddenly popping up about ultra violent street criminals attacking women and children in the Denny’s parking lot for no reason… or, like I read in another similar kind of as: a grinning sex-crazed psychopath breaking into your home and shitting on your bedroom floor, bypassing your security alarm, then hovering over your kids’ beds, drooling, while they sleep watching them, then snatching one of them… etc. In other words: Stories of ordinary people overcoming extraordinary setbacks and problems to achieve whatever it is they want. Only difference between this kind of folklore and ancient tales of yore is we sell stuff in ours. And there’s no need to complicate it. Anyway, I can try to explain this to you until the goats come home. But instead of explaining it, I want to show it to you. And I do just that, using my 14-page folk horror email that is easily one of the most responsive I’ve ever written in my nearly 25 years up in this game inside the July Email Players issue. I don’t reprint it (it’s too long) but I do walk you through the folk horror “framework” I used to write it - that you can adapt to your own emails - beat-by-beat. In fact, I had so much success with this that, recently, I let Email Players subscriber Tom Woods see it a month in advance so he could use it for an affiliate campaign to sell our Low Stress Trading offer. I never show people Email Players content in advance. But in this case I had no choice - I wanted him, to help us, help him, help ourselves... This part of the July issue alone can be worth a small fortune to those who read, apply, take it seriously vs just reading, nodding, then asking “what else ya got?” like the less successful email marketers are prone to do with their silly so-called AI prompts, I have long noticed. Whatever the case: Today is the deadline to subscribe in time to get in on the July issue. You can read more about it in the P.S. below. Otherwise, here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. As for what is in inside the July issue... here goes: * A crazy-ass Method Acting trick that helped my sales copy build a six figure per month business in the golf niche. (I’d never even played golf at the time, yet this trick beat the hell out of the control written by a far more seasoned golf niche copywriter right out the gate.) * The “multiple personality” phenomenon for writing world class email and sales copy. (If you haven’t “heard” the voices of the markets you’ve written to haunting your psyche 24/7 years after writing the copy, it means you’re still sane, but probably not making the sales you could. Use at your own risk.) * The semi-insulting reason reason Email Players subscribers without the ability to think abstractly struggle with using the content. (Something to consider before subscribing - don’t say you weren’t warned.) * How to make your emails, social media, sales copy more fun for people to consume than their favorite Netflix, Hulu, Apple, Amazon, and other streaming shows/movies. * An ingenious method (used by Marlon Brando in his most celebrated roles) that can potentially ramp up your email engagement and sales as much as 2 or even 3x over time . * A sneaky acting technique (I’ve never seen a single marketing goo-roo teach) seen in “The Godfather” that created chillingly perfect performances... and how to use it to create such almost chillingly strong relationships with your leads, prospects, customers, and clients they may not want to buy from anyone BUT you. * Advice to people who write emails and social media posts in advance to potentially cut your writing time in half - and without using TikTok brain-level generative AI. * The single best free resource (found on Facebook) I’ve ever used for hammering out infotaining emails, social media posts, audio/video content, and even sales copy. (Next time you get “stuck” for ideas simply go to this Facebook page, read a post or two, and watch as interesting, engaging, and cashflow-creating content will probably flow right out of your brain. That’s been my experience, at least.) * A shrewd market research tip from actor Christopher Lloyd that make your business a pile of new sales almost immediately - and possibly even the first time you use it. (A caveat: if you suck at pattern recognition this tip WILL NOT work. Fair warning...) * The 6-word “folk horror” secret behind some of the highest grossing sales letters ever penned. * The little-talked about infotaining sales letter/email template (used in certain Gary Halbert and John Carlton ads - if you know what to look for) I’ve been quietly using in my most engaging content for over 20 years. * A beat-for-beat breakdown of one of the most profitable emails I’ve ever written that was 14 PAGES long! (Email goo-roos saying long emails don’t “work” should be ignored. And this email proves it. Inside I walk you through my 14-page monster you can probably use in your very next email to get more engagement & sales, if you choose.) * The “never have to worry about money ever again” secret used by Bruce Willis and Samuel Jackson to get all the money, fame, and respect they could stand... even though they made far MORE box office duds than successes. (This trick was also used by Stallone, Keanu Reeves, Mel Gibson, Arnold, and others... and if you know what you’re doing, you can apply this directly to your own business to STEAL engagement and sales right out from under your competitors’ noses.) * A dire warning from a Mad Man-era advertiser whose advice seems almost like prophecy today for anyone using generative so-called “AI” to create content. Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA