# AI is like digital grove worship for these dorks

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 02 May 2025 01:15:31 +0000
**ID:** 1968e9061df3c838
---

Last year, best-selling author Larry Correia did a glorious rant about so-called AI. Some of my favorite highlights: * AI produces “vapid, soulless shit”. * AI “has no enthusiasm. . .And fake enthusiasm will never replace real contagious enthusiasm” * “When the creator doesn’t give a shit about his art, not only does the audience feel it, the audience gets pissed off.” Not unironically, his trolls were sure to point out something at the time: it had recently been shown that, according to Claude 3.7, Larry Correia’s writing style is supposedly one of the easiest for AI to copy and reproduce to create fun, action-fueled work. Is that true? I have no idea. Personally, like any and all claims about AI during this gold rush phase it’s in… and also going by how badly AI mangles my own writing though people keep trying, I tune it all out. One of my friends even recently showed me an email prompted to be written in “Ben Settle’s style” and it not only sounded nothing like me, but the bullets/fascinations were phoned-in, with no humanity, empathy, intrigue, or anything close to being fascinating. Something else for the true believers worshipping at AI’s altar: Let’s say, for fun, AI does somehow pull off being this magical 9th wonder of the world wet dream for those who want to “have written” without having “to write.” And let's further say you are able to prompt right out of the bowels of fapGPT’s righteous arse a masterpiece of brilliant and perfectly-written fiction, non-fiction, sales copy, emails…whatever. All written in your favorite goo-roo's voice or style, so you can sneak around all the years of hard work that goo-roo put in to grow and master his skill. That's all well and good. But the edge lord social media anons hiding behind their Pepe the Frog or anime character cartoon pics thinking AI will finally make them respected writers and rich beyond their wildest dreams are simply going to be shooting their perfect AI-generated content at the same 14 other anons who follow them now. Content'ing "harder" won’t change a blessed thing. Content is the easy part - building the audience is what takes the time and creates the profits. I remember many years ago, Robert Kiyosaki joked about how someone was trolling his writing. And he was laughing because he never said he was a best-writing author, he is a best-SELLING author. And he’s a best-selling author because of distribution, marketing, audience-building, not because of his prose. Something else to think about related to this: On Twitter a guy said he could prompt AI to “write an email in Ben Settle’s voice and style.” To which I say: “Who cares?” That won’t create my audience, the relationship I have with my list and buyers. And if he does already does have an audience, all that’s going to do is create suspicion, with something “off” about whatever he sends them, because it won’t sound like him. It is he who they have bought into if they are on his list, not me, and not his ability to copy another writer’s style or voice. This is what the chuckleheads thinking AI is the Second Coming are missing. It's not so obvious yet to any of them probably. But it will become quite obvious, I believe, in the coming years when the AI Mad Dash phase ends, and the internet is flooded with even more dumbed down content "trained" on the pure average that lowers the bar of what average is with each iteration, as it continues slouching its way to Idiocracy. Circling back to Larry Correia: He has a big, engaged audience that loves him and his books. Maybe his trolls can prompt AI all day long to “sound” just like his writing and maybe they can't. But without his audience, influence, and fanbase… and the relationship he has with his fanbase, relationships with publishers who help give him distribution, relationships with even his haters/trolls who help feed him new leads he then creates all new relationships with… they’ll still be just as irrelevant as they are now. Anyway, that’s my thoughts on it for the time being. I've gotten some entertaining “flack” from the AI bois recently about this. And I’m not the only one to have noticed AI has literally become a religious idol to some of these guys. Basically like digital grove worship. For example, a couple days ago, a reply guy said I need to get on the AI “bandwagon” then quoted, almost like scripture, what some goo-roo said who literally grifts off God to sell his services as his proof. You can’t make this stuff up. Believe it or not, and contrary to what these TikTok brain anons think, I'm not “anti” AI. I just am skeptical of anything this hyped up, and see the cracks in its manufactured narrative. And yes, it is a narrative. Not unlike the fake vax narrative, which the AI bois pushing it sound suspiciously similar to. I don’t pretend to see the future, and I could be totally wrong about everything, of course. But I suspect the end game of all this will be a lot more tame and a lot less dramatic than people think. Especially after the dust settles, the mad dash is over, the dumb money investor-propped up companies cramming it down everyone’s throats are gone or reduced in size/scope/influence. I'm remember when social media had a mad dash phase like this, too. So did the internet itself which one of my customers recently compared AI to. And yet, here we are, 30 years later since the commercialization of the internet, and most people selling online and/or are shilling nonsense on social media are still broke, still struggling, and still can't make it work, despite even a glut of step-by-step courses, eBooks, training showing exactly how to do it, and as they ignore the fundamentals in order to keep chasing one mad dash after another. It's almost like it's not the tool, but the guy using it that matters. That's all so-called AI is at the end of the day: a tool. And if you ask AI what it is yourself, it’ll even admit it’s basically a super calculator. Certainly it ain’t the reincarnation of J.R.R. Tolkien, Gary Halbert, or Orson Welles. All right, enough AI skepticism for the soul. Since I mentioned fiction, if you want to read the first novel in my 9-part Enoch Wars horror series free (in eBook, audio book, and even screenplay format), as well as get free writing and fiction tips see the free Enoch Wars mobile app. You’ll need a smart phone or iPad to access it. And you can find it right here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/enochwars Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA