# Everyone’s a celebrity but nobody’s got talent

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 20 Nov 2025 17:45:04 +0000
**ID:** 19aa25eb0a0702fe
---

So wrote a Hollywood producer about the state of the entertainment industry. And I not-so-humbly add to that list: * Everyone's got a brand but nobody's got a business. * Everyone’s a critic but nobody wants criticism * Everyone has game but nobody’s in a relationship * Everyone has a course but nobody knows how to teach * Everyone’s got a book but nobody’s got readers * Everyone's efficient but nobody's effective * Everyone’s got AI but nobody’s thinking * Everyone’s a philosopher but nobody’s got a philosophy * Everyone's a "founder" but nobody's found success * Everyone wants to lead but nobody wants to serve * Everyone has an audience but nobody’s performing * Everyone’s talks about storytelling but nobody has a story * Everyone’s got Google but nobody knows how to search * Everyone’s a marketer but nobody understands marketing * Everyone has a platform but nobody says anything * Everyone’s online but nobody’s connected * Everyone wants money but nobody wants to pay * Everyone’s a writer but nobody wants to write In my opinion: If all, some, or any of the above apply to you, then realize this is part & parcel of living in a time where everyone’s got knowledge, but nobody’s got wisdom. Everyone’s got skill but nobody’s got craftsmanship. And, yes, everyone’s got an opinion but nobody’s got a solution.. All right I think I’ve pontificated enough about that. On another note, there is something else I want to teach here. Currently I have ownership in 4 businesses: (1) My print book & newsletter business of course (2) A software company selling our BerserkerMail ESP & Learnistic mobile app technology (3) A “hybrid” software/coaching company for businesses about selling options trading education with a stock scanner/tracking/courses/community (4) A print newspaper which is an anomaly in and of itself these days, and I admittedly don't put much time into yet, though that’ll change as the next round of elections ramps up I bring this up because of this important detail: For reasons I will be writing about over the coming weeks, I am convinced the hard collapse I’ve been writing about a lot this year... and people much smarter than I am have been predicting for over TEN years... and even the mainstream financial media is now admitting to (investors were joyously fapping to Nvidia’s earnings reports yesterday, as it is keeping the con going a little longer... ONE company having that much sway over the stock market should give anyone pause... Dan Kennedy's "one is the most dangerous number in business" comes to mind), in Email Players since late 2023/early 2024 is gonna happen sooner rather than later. There won’t be any build up or “signs.” Like all collapses... it’ll just happen. I suspect people will just wake up and realize the world has changed overnight again. Like they did with covid, except this will be financial. The signs are everywhere for those who care to look: You got politicians bought & paid for by foreign elites out there trying to deliberately bring your country down via inflation/deviancy/stupidity/invaders/and despair... coupled with insanely large groups/entities made up of dumb money investors holding up the stock market on wobbly, “match stick” legs propping up so-called AI companies, most of which don't make any money despite half a trillion spent in just a couple years' time. Add that to terrorists actively plotting to kill you. Migrant hordes being imported by your foreign elite rulers granted more rights than you have. And if you're in the US: A medical system based on cold metrics that literally gets paid to try to kill you. I don’t know about you. But 2025 has by FAR been the most simultaneously volatile, crazy, horrifying, exciting, humbling, puzzling, whacky, exhilarating, productive, profitable, and noteworthy year of my entire life. So much change, in so much time, I can’t even keep up with it. Most of it has been good, some has been hair-raising. But none of it entirely unexpected, either. Personally, I’ve been expecting this year’s explosive craziness since late 2019 when writing about just that in a bonus Email Players insert just prior to Covid - which admittedly I had no idea was even coming, and that merely accelerated it all. But due to the spending/debt from that time, I was prepping for 2022 or 2023 to be what 2025 ended up being. All of which brings me to the righteous punch line: What I write about in Email Players is ultimately based on the experiences of building/growing/sustaining/exploiting the craziness amongst the businesses mentioned above, and is essentially how I do that prepping and also profiting from it. And the info I have prepared in 2026 especially in Email Players, is amongst the most important & timely info I have to share. Info not learned from “books and courses." And certainly not from any mastermind/seminar/coach/consultant. But from 24 years of raw experience & pain, setbacks & triumphs, discoveries & accidents, good timing & bad timing, and clawing my way out of the pits of despair when it looked like nothing was happening or worth continuing and it was all going to hell. At the risk of sounding like some idiotic fapGPT-prompted analogy: “Email Players is not just knowledge it’s wisdom!" Anyway, August 2026 will mark the 15th year of Email Players. A print newsletter like mine, especially at its price (which would cost FAR more if I'd kept up with inflation) simply does not last that long if it's not delivering far MORE than what is promised, or if it merely regurgitates someone else, or if it does not legitimately change businesses over time for the better. I keep hearing about even long-running subscriptions/memberships closing down in this space. But mine is still going strong, and there are reasons for that. Speaking of which: I’m going to be testing a ridiculously valuable new “perk” for Email Players subscribers I will be announcing inside an upcoming issue where subscribers can take even more advantage of what I teach. I’m not even gonna say which issue. Nor will I likely announce it to this list or on the sales page. I don’t want anyone joining just for that perk. Especially since I can think of many on my list who would likely do just that if I did announce it, while not being able to apply it because they, bluntly, have a drooling-on-the-carpet level of marketing knowledge due to letting goo-roo burnouts beguile them about so-called AI, and so are literally not even at 101 newbie level, and it won't do them any good. To crassly add to the list above about low information and cheap-minded boys & ghouls: "Everyone wants count for something, but nobody wants to be accountable" In fact, I only mention this here for the diehards already in Email Players. A lil’ something for them to look forward to. For everyone else interested, you can read more about Email Players here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA