# Take this quiz to test your branding IQ

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 20 Apr 2025 03:15:02 +0000
**ID:** 19651315e4ba5e5b
---

Pop quiz time... What is the attribute these 2 brand-defining stories have in common: 1. Walt Disney’s spurious version of why he changed Micky Mouse’s original name from being “Mortimer” 2. Dan Kennedy’s Peter Lowe seminar talk about his house catching on fire, and how that made him realize the importance of being an “invited guest” in one’s marketing The answer? If you said “ooh those are great stories!” You are about 25% right. If you said, “they are both exaggerated or outright horse shyt stories!” You are about 50% right. But to get the full power of what I am talking about here, you would have to know the much deeper psychological forces at work that have helped leverage all those simple examples into extremely lucrative brands. It’s a power pretty much every popular politician uses, too. And the Mass Media is especially adept at crookedly & wickedly using this power to do great evil. Just imagine if you used it for the good of your customers, for your business… Whatever the case: You can learn about what is really behind this on page 27 in “Brand Barbarian.” It’s on sale for 25% off the listed price until tomorrow, Sunday 4/20 at midnight EDT. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/brand Use this code at the cart: AXE And make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA