# How to host a high priced “country club” mastermind

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 21 May 2025 00:14:40 +0000
**ID:** 196f03294ba27508
---

Believe it or not, back in January I hosted 25 strangers at my house. This was highly unusual, to say the least. I tend to turn to Stefania and yell at her when anyone is over at all, like Bilbo yelling at Gandalf in the Hobbit movie (when the dwarves piled into his hobbit hole): “I don’t know what they’re doing in my house!” Or, maybe a better LOTR analogy is from Fellowship of the Ring movie where the Sackville Baggins knock on the door and Bilbo, hiding from the window, snaps at Frodo: “I’m not at home!” But instead of it being the horrifying experience both Stefania and I had imagined having that many people crammed into our sacred chambers… it was the exact opposite of horrifying. It was in some ways, one of the most pleasant experiences we’d had in a long time. The reason? To explain that I have no choice but to give you some context: When I first got into business with Troy Broussard, I remember him telling me all about why his masterminds he hosted for $30k+ a pop were so successful. It wasn’t because he had a big list (his was tiny). Nor was it because he is the world’s greatest marketer (he says he does not consider himself a marketer at all - but a businessman). It’s because of the PEOPLE he attracted to his masterminds. High class, Players with Money (as Gary Halbert used to call ‘em), not looking for tips & tricks, but an experience, potential partnerships, and access to Troy and his other high class, Players with Money customers in the room - with deals made, JV’s established, insights & tools shared they would not have gotten otherwise that help not just grow bigger businesses, but regain more control over time, have stronger relationships, and the list goes on. That’s what PWM seek and cheerfully pay a small fortune for: Not tricks, tips, and Mr. X “guest speakers”… but experiences & access. And so it was with the one at my house. Specifically, it was for our Shark Club in Low Stress Trading - which is a high priced, high value, high experience offer made only to our Low Stress Trading clients. This is for those wanting to go much deeper into the framework and even venture outside of it like Troy does in what he calls his “fun zone.” And one of the perks this year was to: Hang out in elBenbo’s Lair here by the sea. A place few have been allowed. And, frankly, a place few would even want to travel to - I live in one of the #1 hardest places to get supplies to in the Pacific Northwest, apparently, and maybe even the continental US, depending on who you ask. I’m over 6 hours from a major airport, and over 3 hours from the two closest mid sized regional airports. I’m literally the last on the supply chain, and first to get screwed over in a natural disaster. Anyway, back to the Shark Club: Stefania stressed out over hosting 25 people here as soon as I agreed to do it. She was worried about everything from feeding these people, to cleaning up after them, to how Willis would react - as he’s never dealt with 25 people crammed inside the house either. In fact, my first thought was to have Stefania spend the entire day with Willis in my detached office and watch Mister Rogers all day so his routine wouldn’t be disrupted and he wouldn’t get too overwhelmed. When Stefania told me how stressed she was, I told Troy: “I’m not promising anyone’s comfort. So tell them not to expect that.” Troy replied: “Trust me, it’ll be stress-free.” I must admit: Troy was not only right, but if anything, he under played out pleasant it’d be. Even with 25 people (Plus me, Stefania, Willis, John Wood, and Troy) crammed down in my den, everyone sitting on the floor, as Troy demonstrated some new software on my TV… nobody complained. Nobody made a mess. And Willis not only insisted on hanging out down there… but he was actively engaged and involved, the proverbial star of the show, clapping when Troy showed something, and then the entire room clapping with him… totally making his day as he hammed it up, basking in all the attention. There was no need to put him in my office. He was entertained the whole day, and never once acted up. And there was no real “clean up” to worry about the next day. Nor were there any fights, drunken arguments, or weird, Needy people following me or Troy around like I’ve seen happen at many an “affordable” event I’ve spoken/taught at - with people following you into bathrooms, desperate to learn that ONE secret that’ll change their lives as you’re trying to take a piss in peace, etc, as the lower price tags and lack of curation for such events attract. I even admitted to Stefania that I, Mr. Anti-social Himself… had fun. And the reason for all this? Because these were HIGH class, PREMIUM clients, SUPER successful and all-around serious people. They were respectful. They were grateful to be there (and, in a lot of cases, meet me in person as many were long time Email Players subscribers). And they not only enjoyed the hospitality, but real and much stronger friendships/business relationships were made, created, and started that never would have been otherwise. As I told Troy when he asked if everything was good afterwards: “Troy… I never thought I’d say this, but it was a pleasure.” I also think in some ways it was one of the best days of Willis’ life. Now, this is NOT a Shark Club pitch. I can’t sell it to my list anyway. It’s only sold to Low Stress Trading clients, and it’s strictly limited in number, and I don’t know we’ll ever host anyone from it here ever again anyway, as it is such a PITA to get here. No, I bring this up to make a point: The joys, profitability, and experiences of having a premium mastermind. There are a lot of joyless, money-grubbing, and outright grifter masterminds. But very few like the kind I just described. And I say this as someone who has spoken/taught at and co-hosted many over the years. The difference? Was in the premium clients curated, sold to, limited to. Now, if you’d like to have such high quality customers/clients, I’m not the one to learn from. I merely hosted this last one, I did not build, sell, or structure it/create it/even think of it. That was all Troy. And since Troy does not teach this stuff anymore (he’s full time either trading or selling our Low Stress Trading offer, the proverbial kid in the candy store who doesn’t care about selling direct marketing training anymore), there’s only one guy I can think of to tell you about. Especially if you have a small list/audience. And especially if you are not sure what to do, where to begin, how to approach it. And that’s my pal Danny Iny. He’s about to teach a 6 week course called “Monetize Me” guiding you through creating and launching your own highly profitable course, coaching group, or mastermind. If I was going to learn this (I am not a course, coaching, or mastermind kinda guy - I primarily trade options and publish books and Email Players) this is who I’d pay to learn from. Enrollment in this course ends in just two short days, though. (Thursday, May 22 at 3pm Eastern) To enroll use the link below. And before you ask… no, that is NOT an affiliate link. I don’t get paid jack squat if you buy one way or the other. Yes, it’s a tracking link for his team’s internal use. But I told Danny I don’t even want to be on the affiliate leaderboard or whatever. I am doing this simply because he and I have mutual respect, and we like to promote each other to each other’s lists at times. And this just happens to be one of those times that is quite timely. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/danny Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA