# How Yours Unruly rescued Dan Kennedy’s legacy from the brink

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 03 Dec 2025 16:44:42 +0000
**ID:** 19ae51b371b3c839
---

At least, according to Email Players subscriber Russell Brunson. Maybe something has changed since, but he said this a few years back: === Hey man - not sure if you know, but I just bought Dan Kennedy's company - and I’m relaunching his newsletter in January. So I bought your new book hoping that it would show up before I left to Hawaii for thanksgiving (we left today) but FedEx said it’s not showing up until next week. :( As I left my office this morning, I saw a huge stack of your books I bought last year, and sure enough, elBenbo Press was in the stack!! I already had it. I spent the last 7 hours on the plane reading it (we just landed / still on the plane taxing to terminal now) and my mind is blown. Dude - I was about to make SO many mistakes!! You saved me! (And honestly Dan’s legacy as well) Thank you!! == But that ain’t the end of the story. After that he checked back in with me. And in the time since he’d said the above, he had built a team to start creating high ticket books from a lot of Dan’s older courses, plus some other books he wants to publish (and he has even sent me a couple of them). All of which begs the question: Now that Russell Brunson is rapidly using my elBenbo Press book publishing methodology on Dan Kennedy offers he bought the rights to - does this mean your pal elBenbo will get the credit or the blame when Dan Kennedy's products are all $2k+ physical books? I admittedly do not know. But what I do know is: Today’s 12-hour Seasons Emailings sale I am having on the book ends tonight Wednesday, 12/3 at midnight EST. Use code LEGACY on the cart (where it says “Add Referral Code”) and you can get your frostbitten little fingers on this book for 25% off the regular price listed on the sales page. Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/press Use code LEGACY at the checkout (where it says “Add Referral Code”) for the discount, and make sure you see the price change before entering your info. You have until midnight, tonight, EST. Ben Settle P.S. Since Russell mentioned Dan Kennedy.. Here is what Dan himself said to me about my elBenbo Press book: === I finally went through elBenbo Press page by page during the past couple days. To say the least, it is impressive. As you know, l've been in this field for more than 50 years and have seen a lot of "how I do it" books, courses, etc., and have long labeled most as "B.S.". Rarely does somebody lay out, truthfully, exactly what they have done and do to create and sustain and earn tremendous success as an information marketer, author, publisher. A very few of the 'old masters' like Ted Nicholas, Lyman Wood, George Haylings and Dean F. DuVall did. Your magnum opus is more valuable than any of their works . === This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA