# Short single-line paragraph emails are a plague upon the earth

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 23 Dec 2025 23:10:13 +0000
**ID:** 19b4d7a3d54f8694
---

A reader asks: === Hi, Ben! I was wondering, why do you use a longer line length than pretty much every other copywriter whose email lists I've subscribed? I'm a beginner copywriter with only a couple of months of experience, but I think it was Joe Sugarman who said that a longer line length makes the readers eyes do more work and therefore is inferior to a shorter one. What do you think of this? === What do I think of it? I think that about 7 years ago, I distinctly remember at least one prominent twitter account a lot of political junkies follow giving me the credit, or blame depending on how one sees it, for the sudden rise of tweets that were 100% made up of short, one line paragraphs. And there are two big ironies about that: 1. It was not common at the time, apparently, but now everyone does it and people - rightfully - hate, mock, avoid reading those kinds of emails and tweets, even as more and more copywriters keep tripling down on plaguing their lists with them 2. I never once taught doing that with paragraphs At least, not like people do it today. I am and have always been a big fan of contrast. Contrasting sentence lengths, paragraph sizes, etc. So if anything, I use varying and contrasting paragraphs in size, shape, lengths. But copywriters are, overall, a rather copycat- obsessive group that usually miss nuance, and easily fall victim to marketing & copywriting incest. Probably why so many fap themselves blind to generative so-called AI. One more thing about this: When I was given credit - or blame - for the short, one line paragraph emails, tweets, etc, my Crypto Copywriting Secrets Kindle book was mentioned. I wrote that many years ago. But here are a couple things to know about it before purchasing: 1. It has nothing to do with crypto currency - as I published it in 2012 before I’d even heard of crypto currency 2. It’s only a few bucks 3. You can get it here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/cryptocopywritingsecrets Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA