# How to tell if your favorite copywriting guru is a putz

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 08 Sep 2025 02:45:23 +0000
**ID:** 19927381171bc46c
---

One of my favorite lines about swipe files comes from the great Dan Kennedy: (In his 7-Figure Academy course) “If you use swipe files, that is fine, but don’t delude yourself into thinking you have any kind of mastery of copywriting if you have to use one.” See some copywriter ex-spurts blatantly swiping? Especially large swaths of copy? And, word-for-word? Amateurs. And this is even more true with email. In fact, one of the most foolish things anyone can do is "swipe" email copy word for word. Not only because it’s unethical, but because it will not get you the sales you can get if you are “you”, flaws and all, communicating and not regurgitating. It’s like these guys trying to prompt AI in someone else’s style. What is the point of sounding like someone else? It can only end in misery once customers catch on - which they will. But even besides all that: The best emails are and always have been heavily personality-based. You cannot “swipe” or fapGPT a personality. You can try, of course. And many dummies do just that with my emails all the time, despite me warning them of this very thing, and how it’s going to destroy their relationship with their lists. On that note, some words of wisdom on swiping. Not my words, but an A-list copywriter you may never heard of. His name is Doug D'Anna. And, here’s what this great man of copywriting told me over 17 years ago: “When I first started out I had a swipe file too. You know what the first thing I discovered was when I realized who Gary Bencivenga was and the game I was in? I threw everybody else’s piece away. Why would I do that? Because I might have been thinking that I was swiping something that was good or using a model that was a winner when it wasn’t. That was the first thing. You need to have control pieces in your swipe file. But, you’ve got to remember that control piece worked for that piece at that time in that market in that environment. So it’s really more of a case study to look at.” That advice has been worth everything to me over the years. And, may it be just as valuable to you, too… Speaking of A-list copywriters: My “Swipeocalypse” offer has many examples from A-list copywriters, and how I have “adapted” their genius to my own emails - without copy & pasting, plagiarizing, or compromising my personality in my copy. This giant-sized Email Players issue (in both page count and literal size) exists outside the normal continuity of the newsletter. And it teaches a way of “swiping” that not only works better than raiding a filing cabinet full of sales letters, scanning a folder of PDFs, or, worse using some silly so-called “AI” tool... but helps you get deep into the minds of those you wish to sell to to help crawl right into their very souls and potentially know what they want to buy and how to sell it to them. Get it by the Sunday, 9/7 deadline and you will also get: “The Email Players Swipe File: Volume 1” This is an 88-page swipe file of sales letters and ad inserts that were included in Email Players over its first 100+ issues. These are mostly short, “impulse” ads selling high-priced offers that have collectively helped pull quite a bit of dough, and that can be used as frameworks (not copy & paste) for your own emails, sales letters, and offers. NOTE: Swipeocalypse is physically shipped to you. But this bonus will be digitally sent via email when you order. A lil’ something to “tide” you over while waiting for Swipeocalypse. Here’s the link for more information: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/swipe Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA