# Ogilvy’s eccentric email list building trick

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 08 May 2025 00:45:28 +0000
**ID:** 196ad5c8478fa1c2
---

The great ad man David Ogilvy never sold anything with email to my knowledge. He joined the choir invisible in 1999 long after retiring. But, back in the 1950’s he did invent — out of necessity and deadline pressure, I believe — a great if not eccentric way I’ve used it for years to help grow an email list, that I think most reading this can do, too, plus help make your business stand out on an internet full of noise, distractions, and amateurs spamming everything in sight to be noticed. And he did it without using the internet or technology of any kind. Here’s what happened: He’d nabbed the prestigious Hathaway account and assigned to create advertising for their Hathaway shirts. Originally, David did the standard (although still brilliant) thing of putting a Hathaway shirt on a worldly-looking guy in an idealistic or rugged background. The same sort of psychology that worked for Marlboro and, somewhat more recently (until the company put some idiot in charge who stopped running them for God-only-knows what reason), the Dos Equis Man. The idea was to create a sense of ruggedness and bad-assery. Again, nothing really “new” about that at the time. But the genius Mr. Ogilvy did to spice things up a bit was to simply put a cheap little eyepatch on the model, giving him a sort of swashbuckling, daring, and adventurous look. This transfored the man from not just a rugged sophisticated man… to an ECCENTRIC man. This otherwise bland and unassuming (skinny) man now smacked of excitement. And danger. (“why does he wear that eyepatch…?”) It made you not want to just look good, but maybe also go kill a bear or gut a fish with your bare hands. Again, the 1950’s version of the Dos Equis Man. Very cool idea. And, a very profitable idea, too. The ads became both popular AND profitable… running in all the major publications of the day and exploding sales. So, you may be asking, how does help with your email list? The answer is as strange as it is eccentric. And I explain it in full on pages 19-21 in: “Mad Men Copywriting Secrets” I originally gifted it to Email Players subscribers last year (to celebrate the newsletter’s 150th issue). And it’s an oversized (in physical size and word count) issue that exists outside the continuity of the main issues — and contains some of my favorite of those old Mad Men methods. It’s also something I’m making available for sale to the masses, along with an extremely valuable bonus (see the PS below) until this Friday, 5/9 at midnight EDT. Anyway, you can learn more about it here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/madmen Ben Settle P.S. As for the bonus, it’s called: "The Swipestream Vol 1” A few of the tips inside include: * A sneaky way to use women (and in a way even the most cranky of feminists won't be offended by) in your advertising to help ramp up your sales… and without them having to dress like hoes or show any cleavage, skin, or sex appeal whatsoever. * Is there a near perfect offer to back end sell? (I believe there is, and this ditty I learned from one of the world’s top conversion experts is just that.) * An old TV preacher’s secret to getting listeners to send him lots of money literally on command and without mentioning hellfire, blessings, or even God. (His fans behaved almost like trained seals. And while I never cared much for the guy, I can’t argue with how well this ballsy method for raising funds worked.) * By FAR the fastest way I’ve ever used to get lots of qualified leads onto my email list, and that just about anyone else can do. * What the Bible teaches about defeating burnout and managing your energy and creativity. An ingenious copywriting technique I learned directly from one of the world’s top A-list copywriters that feels like information content to your prospects but, really, it is pure selling. (I use this nearly every day in my emails, on social media, in my content, in my sales letters, and the list goes on. Easily one of the most profitable copywriting secrets I’ve ever learned and now I pass it on to you…) * A clever way to use the FTC and other alphabet agency rules to make your sales copy more engaging, responsive, and profitable. And that’s just a small sip. You can read more of what’s inside at the link. Also, very important: You’ll need a smart phone or iPad to access this bonus. So keep that in mind before buying this offer if you want this bonus. Here’s the link again: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/madmen This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA