# You know I’m something of a product naming scientist myself

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 28 Jul 2025 00:45:04 +0000
**ID:** 1984e7d9499f9da8
---

Email Players subscriber Scott P. Scheper asks: "I recall you mentioning something about naming products. You have a damn knack framework for doing so. It seems the goal is to create a product that is concise and demonstrates the end result you want to give people. Do you have any teachings on how to do this? I'm trying to help people nail their book title. This would help." This question makes me want to paraphrase the Norman Osborne (from the first Spider-Man movie in 2002) meme where he says: “You know I’m something of a scientist myself” I’ve helped many-a-friend title their products over the years. Like, for example: My pal Ray Higdon with his bestselling “3-Minute Expert” program that my ego would like to believe helped it nab at least some of its mega sales, which he suggested as such when introducing me to speak at his personal branding event a few years ago. After that some of his friends asked for my help with naming products. Like my pal Mark Harbert who came to me again after I helped name one of his best-sellers: “…how can I hire you to help me with another title? lol. You made me a lot of money for free last time. My last course which you named ‘The No-Fear Video Marketing System’ was awesome.” Most recently: My biz partner needed help naming not just a book but a whole financial philosophy. Within about five minutes of back-and-forth… BAM! Product, methodology, philosophy, way-of-approaching money/economics/finance all explained, in one word, that perfectly sums up not just what he wanted to convey to the world, but something that could not easily be ripped off/swiped without sounding derivative. Something else to think about: Most people in direct marketing just copy everyone else. Many - even your favorite goo-roos probably, especially if you see them running around shilling so-called AI - are probably even incapable of thinking at-all outside-the-box in any way with product names and titles. It’s all swiping and “can & clone!’ with these guys. That shyt worked in 1992, I guess. But we are in a glut of direct marketing and information products especially. And everyone is sounding, looking, smelling, tasting, feeling the same. Just look around, if you doubt this. All the wording sounds the same, all their lame, Dorklord AI-prompted imagery looks the same. All their benefits sound the same, the information is all basically exactly the same as everyone else, and there is no individuality or something new brought to the table whatsoever. And this goes triple for product titles/names. But back Scott’s question: Yes. I do have a book for that explaining my product naming ways which costs $1108.00. But there is no need to buy that, as I give a sort of “cheat sheet” version of it (analyzing the product title for my business partner above) in the August Email Players issue. More: I wanted to do something special for the August issue since it’s the 14-year anniversary issue. Thus, I’m also including a 60+ page bonus with the August issue: “Email Players Annual #4: After School Special” This oversized (literally - in both size and page count) Annual issue bonus exists outside the normal continuity of the newsletter. And I wrote it to commemorate the newsletter’s 14-year anniversary. And it’s written as a long letter “to” Willis in case I up and join the choir invisible before he comes of age to teach it it to him - with all the most important business, marketing, money/finance, health, and relationship info I want him to know. I spent more time on this than I have some of my full-length books. I won’t say this is the “best” writing I’ve ever done but it’s certainly the most important. You can read more about it in the PS below if you want. Otherwise - the deadline to get in on time is when I send the list to the printer soon. After that? Too late. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com NOTE: I do NOT ship to Indonesia, China, India, Ukraine, Russia, the Philippines, Thailand, Japan, or Africa. Current Email Players subscribers are “Grandfathered” in, of course. Ben Settle P.S. Here’s some of the info inside the bonus Email Players Annual #4: After School Special I am gifting to Email Players subscribers next month: * What is likely THE single cheapest and most potent “pill” ever invented for good health & well being... that needs no prescription, and can probably be acquired nearly anywhere in the world (including countries with shabby healthcare or even no healthcare to speak of.) * A clever strategy used by the banking industry for getting money from people who have none while offering them nothing in return. * How throwing away your sunglasses can be almost like working bona fide miracles on your hormones, energy levels, and mood. * The despised “political prophet” who predicted exactly what the U.S. is experiencing today over 30 years ago… and what he said you can expect to happen in the coming months, years, and decades. * What the “Godfather of personal branding” himself taught about how even rank amateurs can seize the lion’s share of money, engagement, and response in business. * The “anti-attraction” reason why even a lot of rich men who won the genetic lottery in looks are alone, rejected, depressed, even suicidal. * A small “twist” a lot of podcasters (big and small) can put on their funnels that would probably as much as double or even triple their revenue over time if they’re open-minded enough to try it. * How to rid yourself of crippling neediness for women you like that only gives them the so-called “ick” now. * The next best thing to honest-to-goodness “truth serum” for knowing exactly what a woman is thinking, feeling, or plotting no matter how brilliantly she hides her true intentions! * An ancient business secret (found in an old story about the wizard Merlin) that small businesses can use to beat the pants off competitors with better pricing, budget size, sales copy, offers, list quality, brand/name recognition, marketplace positioning, credentials, positioning, influence, audience size, or even value. All right, so be it. If you want in on time for the milestone 14-year anniversary Email Players issue plus a free copy of Email Players Annual #4: After School Special then scroll back up to the URL, note the list of banned countries, and follow the instructions while you still can. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA