# you're just a little fishy surrounded by ferocious sea monsters who'll swallow you whole

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 11 Oct 2025 01:49:41 +0000
**ID:** 199d0f71e2a29bd1
---

Something to think about with world events: One of my favorite bloggers over the past 24 years is Vox Day. And he once used an analogy to help explain a lot of lies, violence, and even outright evil you see going on in the world today. He likened all the billionaires and political taskmasters fighting each other behind the scenes as giant sea monsters battling each other, enslaved to spiritual warfare, splashing and creating chaos and misery all around vying for power & control... with the rest of us but little fish caught in the middle that have to do our best to stay out of their way. That may not be the exact way he put it. But that was the gist I got from the analogy. Mel Gibson had an even more apt way of putting it: “We're just the meat in the sandwich. And for some reason, we're worth it. I don't know why, but we are.” Fun thoughts for a Friday night, indeed. But back to Vox Day’s analogy: I remember it put a lot of things in context for my business, especially. In the cutthroat world of Wall Street, political power plays, and de-populationist billionaires who have, quite literally in my opinion, sold their souls to God-knows-what by taking the ticket... we are but tiny, squirming minnows in the ocean surrounded by sea monsters fighting for power. And there is literally nothing any of us can do. Except, as Vox advised, try to stay out of their way. As for how to do that? Well, I was just back-and-forthing with Email Players subscriber, children's book author (Willis loves his book the King and the Dragon - highly recommend), and star student of my biz partner Troy Broussard's Low Stress Trading Framework James Carran about how, one way to be the proverbial porcupine (the animal who is not the biggest or most ferocious, but the least likely to be messed with) is to learn Low Stress Trading. It's either that or become a politician so you can get away with insider trading. Not sure Nancy Pelosi has dropped that course yet though. Although Iike how James thinks: "Genuinely at this point, my strategy is just to grow the account rapidly enough that I can afford the bribes to protect it in future..." Whatever the case: If you want to know more about Troy’s Low Stress Trading I got two links. Link #1: Is to read about how Low Stress Trading works. It’s a LONG sales page that you should not even think of buying from unless you’ve read every word. Troy spent 200+ hours on that page between writing, re-writing, editing, and then re-writing and re-editing again after having it “vetted” by three different attorneys. Here’s that link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/options If you end up buying the offer, use RefCode SETTLE to get a special bonus: Your pick of any ONE book listed in the P.S. below. It also has pertinent deadline (which is tonight) and instructions for how to claim it. NOTE: This is the LAST time I will be selling Low Stress Trading with this free book offer at the current pricing. Next time you see me promote this the price will have doubled. So if you’re on the fence, keep that in mind. If you want to pay more later, that’s fine by us, of course. But giving you a heads up here that it will double. Link #2: Is to the Low Stress Trading TrustPilot reviews. I cannot legally vouch for any of the claims there, of course. And many are so surreal the three attorneys we hire telling us we can’t really use them as-is in our marketing, but you can read them independently on that site: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/lst/trust Not a fan of putting links to more than one site in an email. But it’s important you make an informed purchase not just for your sake, but because we don’t want people to just “buy” Low Stress Trading, we want people who are bought in to it. Finally: See the P.S. below for the bonus book list and deadline to claim it. Ben Settle P.S. To get a free copy of any one of the books below as a bonus you must: (1) buy Low Stress Trading via RefCode SETTLE at the checkout and (2) let me know which book from the list below BY tonight’s 10/10/25 at midnight EDT deadline. If you send me your book pick AFTER that it will be ignored. I hate “tail” in marketing in all its evil forms. So either let me know your book pick by the deadline or no book for you. Here is the list of books to choose from: * ParaSELL Universe * Markauteur * elBenbo Press * Affiliate Launch Copynomicon * Copy Slacker * List Swell * Email Client Horde * Social Lair * Copy Troll * Infotainment Jackpot * Brand Barbarian * Breakneck Content * NOfluence * Copy Salesliloquies * Count of Content To read more about a specific book below, Google is your friend. Again, to qualify for your free book you must (1) buy Low Stress Trading with RefCode SETTLE and (2) let me know your book pick BY tonight’s Friday 10/10/25 deadline. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA