# So-called hustle culture & working long hours

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 20 Aug 2025 20:15:14 +0000
**ID:** 198c920650c35f91
---

A "timely" question is put forward: === Hey Ben, How many hours do you work per day? I'm asking this because I was wondering if you were more the "work creatively for a couple hours" type or the "work 16 hour days" type. And in your opinion, which one is best? I would assume the first since you used to sell a 10-minute work day program, but I was just curious. === Depends what he means by “work.” If purely sit down, open laptop, & write, it's usually about 3-4 hours. But that's just a piece of the day - the writing part. There’s also a continuous day of: * Back-and-forthing with my business partners Troy Broussard and John Wood about our Learnistic and Low Stress Trading companies - which often means a full day of Marco Polo conversations and emails shared... lots of off-and-on work, ideas shared/broken, brainstorming, problems solved, random off-the-cuff writing at times for something, etc. * Checking/rolling my trades - minimal work, often 90-seconds or less, but still daily. * Fielding customer questions, relaying info to my printer, taking care of my Email Players boys & ghouls with questions/credit card & shipping address changes, writing them back if they ask questions I can help with (a perk of being a subscriber). * Writing down and organizing stray ideas for emails, offers, fiction whatever... I get a lot of that happening most days, constantly, often at the most inconvenient times, too. * Filling my brain with interesting content online & offline and writing about stuff that comes to mind in the free Settleheads Facebook group. * Walking 7-10 miles per day, with many more ideas generated & captured, polos sent, problems solved. All this is “work.” I have a 24/7 business and stopped fighting the urge for a structured, blue collar existence years ago - including when on vacation, when playing with Willis, and even when Stefania was in horrifying nightmarish agony from being induced & refusing pain meds while giving birth to Willis (rubbing her back in a tub at the hospital with one hand, while fielding customer questions during a sale I was having that weekend with my other on my phone)... It's obvious God created us to work, not sit around pursuing leisure. Too much leisure is self-destructive, anyway. Something I realized during my so-called 10-minute workday years. (Will not explain.) So I don't fight work, I embrace it and roll with it. I mentioned the free Settleheads Facebook group above and how I post a lot of content in there - including stuff I don’t even send in these daily emails or in Email Players or my other books, courses, products, and training programs. To join the fun go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/settleheads Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA