# Gary Halbert bullet-writing secret from beyond the grave

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 28 Apr 2025 11:40:01 +0000
**ID:** 1967c327b8119a10
---

Something to think on: In his April 1995 issue Gary Halbert, the Prince of Print, talked about what I believe is the single most important and most profitable “copywriting” skill you can possibly learn. A skill that, if you get that right, just about everything else you write in your ads (emails, sales letters, video scripts, whatever) will be better, more exciting, more dramatic, and more engaging and profitable. The skill: Bullets. And his advice for writing bullets in that issue? 1. Get 500 3x5 index cards 2. Find the highest selling magazines (the ones with great bullets/headlines on the covers) and write out 500 of them, one to a note card 3. When you finish those 500… go out and do ANOTHER 500. You know what? Not being a “natural” at copywriting (I had to un-learn a lot about writing to learn it like most copywriters I know), and not wanting to get creative with his advice or stray from it when I first read it in 2002… I took the attitude Samwell Tarly had in Game Of Thrones — specifically, where he had to cure a supposedly incurable skin/brain disease in a filthy prison cell on someone with only a dusty old book showing him how to do it. Afterwards when asked about how he pulled that miraculous feat off he said: “I read the book and followed the instructions” So it was with Gary’s bullets advice which I have done not just once, but multiple times. Including last year, when I started doing the note card thing again to help prep for the direct mail project I talk about inside the May Email Players issue. Doing what Gary said brought me back in touch with copywriting in a way even daily emails hasn’t been able to quite do. The irony: There are no bullets in either of the direct mail pieces I show you in the May issue. I didn’t have room for ‘em. What was far more important was curation, message-to-market match, and crafting an offer that I wanted to be extremely hard to ignore or resist responding to. Something you can read for yourself in the test pieces (the winner did about 5x the industry average for response and the loser did about 3% that average for response) we used to drive traffic to our opt-in page. It’s like I said earlier: Bullet-writing is not always about literally writing "bullets." The mechanical skill of writing tight, dramatic, powerful “bursts” of copy can be applied to everything else in an ad or email — from headline/subject line to, facts, figures, and, of course, the CTA, so people venture forth and do whatever it is you ask them to. As far as the May Email Players issue goes: The deadline to subscribe in time is in two short days. You can read more about what’s inside in the P.S. below, or subscribe here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here are some of the tips inside the May issue: * The creepy sales trick secret used by an infamously abusive cult to persuade 500,000 members to give them money… and doing it with near zero marketing expenses or budget. (And how to legally & ethically — and in a non-creepy way — apply what they did to your marketing… and without having to abuse anyone.) * A sneaky persuasion trick (straight from one of the single most successful phone salesman who ever lived) that can make prospects far more likely to want to buy from your ads. * The strange but true reason why NOT including 1-click upsells in your funnel can potentially make your business more sales. * Why the headline is NOT always the #1 part of an ad to spend most of your time on. (Headlines are extremely important, but nowhere near as much as they were pre-internet with unlimited pre-selling devices already seen well before the ad. These days, I spend far more time on THIS part explained inside than anything else, and the results have been speaking for themselves, to say the least.) * The “magic genie” secret behind some of the highest pulling sales letters and ads (including some ads written by total amateurs) ever written going back nearly 100 years. * A grizzled old school salesman’s note-taking technique that helped him sell high priced offers to complete strangers who didn’t even know the product existed 5 minutes earlier. (And exactly how to apply it to your next copywriting project.) Here’s the link to subscribe: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA