# Gen Z and the consultations of boom

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 02 Oct 2025 00:44:38 +0000
**ID:** 199a261d7dbf4cc3
---

A lot of people crap on Gen Z for various reasons I won’t go into here. But I will say this for them: Earlier this year, I made an offer in my free Settleheads Facebook group that if they (1) bought the offer I was selling at that time and (2) gave me legitimately and genuinely useful feedback about the online cart experience (I was transitioning from 1shoppingcart to our own cart - ContraCart - which I 100% use now)... I’d give them a free hour consultation. Well, guess what? I got quite a bit of takers on that. And nearly all of them were Gen Z. And while I can’t speak for anyone else’s experience with Gen Z, I can say literally each and every one of MY Gen Z’ers on those calls were not the typical ones I see, hear from, talk to, read about, watch make arses of themselves on social media all day desperately sharting out “takes” for attention while seeking ways to get around doing real work. No. Just the opposite. These guys were all extremely successful. Leaders in their niches. And in one case, isn’t even an “internet” guy. (He selling industrial equipment that cost $10's of thousands of dollars.) And not ONE of them was shilling - or really even using, as far as I could tell - so-called AI, even as they run circles around their FOMO-addicted competitors who are nattering on day & night about their fapGPT prompts & “workflows.” This doesn’t mean I will be catering to Gen Z any time soon. If anything, I will double down on turning them off. Only makes it more likely I get more of these guys who find their way to me “upstream.” Anyway, there are some gleaming gems amongst my Gen Z customers who will be ruling the roost 20 years from now. And that brings me a lot of comfort. Especially since these guys are mostly all Email Players subscribers. Related to this: I’m finding that consulting is not the 9th circle of hell I used to think it was. And so, Gen Z, Millennial, Gen X, or Boomer... if you’re interested in getting an hour of consulting from me, and if you’re interested in getting that consulting without paying cash money for it, then I am making the same deal I made last month to my list for those who qualify. (Most reading this won’t qualify, so fair warning) As fa as that goes: If your list is big enough, I will give you an hour of my time in exchange for promoting my opt-in page (BenSettle.com) to your email list. During that hour we can discuss anything you want. You can even record it too, and use the recording however you want (as a bonus, sell it, horde it for yourself, I don't care). But before getting too excited, there are some caveats: 1. You must have an email list of at least 7,000 online business owners (that doesn’t have a lot of “overlap” of people with my list - otherwise, not much point) - who both would be interested in the kind of info I write about and sell, and also who hear from you regularly via email. If you are one of these boys or ghouls who only uses social media and never emails? No. I cannot help you if that is the case because you don't even understand basic direct marketing 101 - which is “all roads lead to a list” (not a social media, YouTube, iTunes, etc audience, those are not lists) of some kind. That weeds out probably 80% of people reading this, unfortunately. 2. You email your list first, show me you did it, then we do the consult. Again, you may record and use the consult as content, a bonus/premium, even sell it if you want… it’s all yours, and will be recorded on your zoom or whatever, not by me. To give you an idea of how it can be used, one taker even once turned it into a live group call for his high paid mastermind. (He "beamed" me in to the room via Zoom.) And another had me on a giant group coaching call. Your imagination for using it is the limit. But the deadline definitely is a limit. In this case, you must respond to this by tomorrow (Thursday 10/2) by midnight EDT. That’s just a tad over 24-hours from when I am sending this. Didn't see this email until after the deadline? That’s just too bad. Not reading my emails immediately upon arrival is forbidden... To get the ball rolling do this: 1. Reply back to this email before tomorrow night’s deadline. 2. Include ALL the specifics about what kind of business people are on your list, what they like to buy/learn, size of it, and how often you mail it. Do not send me your sales pages or anything else - critiques, "quick looks", etc is not what the consulting entails. If your list sounds like a good match for this, we’ll make it happen. If not? We won’t. Ben Settle P.S. Regardless if you qualify for or have any interest whatsoever in the above offer, if you're not yet in my free Settleheads Facebook group, you can join the fun here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/settleheads This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA