# The Fat Halbert ad that bombed

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 07 Nov 2025 12:45:05 +0000
**ID:** 19a5e5adfb6e59e7
---

One of the rules of direct response copywriting I have defied for nearly 20 years is: "Study/model ads that were winners, ignore ads that were losers." I’m not saying that is wrong or bad advice. I am just saying after a few years in the game, I decided to deliberately ignore it. And one reason why is because I saw Gary Halbert’s “Motherlode” swipe file. And I studied it as hard as I studied any other copywriting training, ads, swipe files, courses, and books. And there were certain ads in there that popped out to me, that I tripled down on studying, learning from, copying out by hand, etc. Then, one day, I was chatting with Sir Doberman Dan of Castle Gallapoo. Dan was one of Gary’s one-on-one students. And, in fact, they were roommates for a while, writing direct mail campaigns together. And I mentioned the Motherlode swipe file to Dan and he said: “Be careful with that swipe file - I personally saw some of those ads totally bomb!” Admittedly that rattled me a bit for a few minutes. It’s like being told your favorite pro athlete’s war stories were lies and bull shyt, or that their games were rigged. But then I thought about the ads in that swipe file that bombed and other ads of his that bombed not found in that swipe file. Specifically, an ad that, out of ALL Gary Halbert ads, was (and still is to this day - in the diet niche) one of the top 3 I studied, learned from… and have enormously profited from. I also heard the great John Carlton say this particular ad bombed as he helped with the campaign. And yet, I can trace all kinds of sales to what I learned studying, copying this "bomb" ad out by hand, and using it as inspiration for many of my own ads. I even used it last year to crank out a postcard test that did exceptionally well (5x the average for direct mail, from what I was told) for bringing in opt-ins to our Low Stress Trading offer - especially considering how much we bungled the landing page with an embarrassing amateur mistake. And that bombed Halbert ad's headline was the model for my postcard’s headline. So anyway, that is why I don’t slavishly follow the typical “ignore ads that lost” advice. There is a reason behind why those ads lost. And that reason is not necessarily the "copy" itself. Most likely - and this was the case with the Halbert ad I love so much that bombed - it is because of the offer and/or missing the message-to-market match. In this case, it was the offer. Apparently, it sucked, the offer was not cool enough (very boring, in fact), and presumably got lots of refunds as a results. Go figure. Oh, as for what Gary Halbert ad am I talking about? That, true believer, is in my “Fat Halbert Show” training included inside the elBenbo’s Bargain Bin of Bonuses 4 offer still for sale a little while longer until tonight (11/7 at midnight EST). As for the specifics of elBenbo’s Bargain Bin of Bonuses 4: This offer consists of a big pile of bonuses I’ve offered during various launches, sales, or affiliate campaigns that, collectively, would have meant putting out some $2,000+ to buy and/or be subscribed to all the products/subscription offers associated with said bonuses. But, you can access all these bonuses for a mere... $20. That is, until tonight, Friday (11/7) at midnight EST. Anyway, here are the details if’n this interests you: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/bb4 NOTE: You'll need a smart phone or iPad to access the content. No exceptions. And it’ll have to be newer than when Steve Jobs still walked the earth. Ben Settle P.S. If you already have my mobile app be sure to order with the SAME email address you use to access the app now. If you don’t have my free mobile app, follow the simple instructions for downloading & accessing it you will get by email after ordering. If you have any questions from there let me know. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA