# Marketing secrets from the Arian Nation

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 12 Aug 2025 17:45:17 +0000
**ID:** 1989f6431819c0cd
---

Something to think about: Following is a bit inside (the forward) my Markauteur book about the design-side of business, marketing, business, etc written by Kia Arian. I tried to get her to rebrand her biz as "The Arian Nation", but alas, I failed... Still, it contains a particularly powerful marketing design insight you can potentially use in your business, whether you get my book or not when it goes on sale in a couple days. Here goes: === Few people know how I discovered Ben Settle. In fact, I don’t think even Ben knows the story. As far as he’s concerned, I was an Email Players subscriber, and that’s all that mattered. However, the prequel to that story is worth telling. Back in 2017, prior to becoming a subscriber, I received an email from AWAI pitching Ben’s 10-Minute Workday course. But it wasn’t the 10-Minute Workday that caught my attention. It was something the email said. It described how the tone of Ben’s writing was contagious. It claimed that his style was so strong, you will find yourself adopting it in your tone and your communication style. Knowing the importance of tone and style in marketing, I was intrigued and opted-in to his email list. When I received my free digital issue, I immediately used the ideas, principles, and, yes, a similar tone and style to create a six week email campaign. That campaign brought in a slew of positive feedback, plus 14 well qualified leads. This was a huge success for my compact list. I was hooked, and immediately became a subscriber. Some time later, he announced he was looking for a female announcer for his podcast and invited all his Email Players dames to audition. Having zero background in voice, announcing, or podcasts, I decided I had nothing to lose and sent him my audition tape. I didn’t get the part, but he did remember me when he needed some design work. The rest, as they say, is history–a profoundly profitable history that Ben has detailed for you in the pages of this book you are holding. Markauteur is a book for those who want to go beyond merely “catching” his tone and style. It goes beyond the written word and delves into one of the most powerful aspects of communication and persuasion–visual stimuli. Science tells us that over 60% of our brain’s processing power is dedicated to the visual cortex. That means 2/3 of the brain is "involved" in processing visual stimuli. That means what we “see” impacts everything we do. In other words, when you tap into the visual cortex of people’s brains, you are essentially commanding their attention. Markauteur is creative visual design, particularly for entrepreneurs and marketers who say “I’m not creative” or “I’m not a graphics person.” If your goal is wealth and freedom, as it is for true entrepreneurs, Markauteur is next-level understanding that everyone is capable of. Unfortunately, not everyone is willing to obtain it. Yet for those who are willing, this is the ultimate primer. Deeper still, for those who have “eyes to see,” Markauteur is the grand culmination–a visual demonstration–of the extraordinary world-building principles that have been detailed in each of Ben’s previous books from Copy Slacker to List Swell, Social Lair, elBenbo Press, Copynomicon and more. This is because world-building is created with more than just words and ideas, but with pictures, colors, shapes, emotions, people and characters. Perhaps Markauteur was also born in part out of Ben’s disdain for copycats. When marketers see something they like, or they want the same outcomes, they are tempted to outright copy it. In doing that, they completely miss what makes that “thing” so appealing. In this book, Ben shows you what that energy is, why it creates appeal and how you can do the same. We all have creative energy. We all carry it in our own unique way. Most people, however, aren’t aware of their energy. Those that are, few can articulate it. That’s why they resort to copying others. In these pages, Ben weaves together a rich variety of stories and examples from writers, directors, artists, marketers, designers, books, movies, and more to demonstrate how to wield this power that is in each person, and use it to make an impact and compel a response. Like the cover artwork shows, he is inviting you into a more personal, intimate place to show not just how to create powerful marketing, but what the substance of that power is, what that energy is behind every book, webpage, ad, and graphic he authors. Look at each example carefully. Read and re-read his explanations. He’s held nothing back. He shows it all, including the rejects and “failures.” He even reveals his inbox of personal emails, word for word, to me and to others in the creative process. In all this, he has created a visual, tactile, and emotional picture of Creative Energy. Because ultimately, energy is what people are attracted to. It is what people respond to. The examples, the process, and the interviews take you into an in-depth examination of how energy, attraction, and impact are created. It’s a science and it’s an art. It is imperfection. It is reality and fantasy. There is no predictable, repeatable formula, But there are patterns and trends. When you can finally perceive it, you too can create it. So embark on this enchanting journey that will fascinate you and challenge you to embrace a higher level of creativity, impact and profitability. Like my audition for the podcast, you have nothing to lose. Believe in your ability to visualize and create your highest potential. Break out of the 95% and come in to the 5% with inspired ideas, actions, and results. - Kia Arian CEO/Founder of Zine Results-Driven Marketing, Beautifully Designed™ === Fun fact: From what I understand, Kia is one of the only designers on planet earth the great “Professor of Harsh Reality” himself Dan Kennedy lets anywhere near his own direct response design projects, if that tells you something. Also, I did not approach Kia to write that forward. She volunteered to do it after reading the book. I considered that high praise indeed for the book in and of itself. If you want another taste of what to expect, the link below is a short (less than 7 minutes) power lesson plucked out of a high priced coaching call I did a few years ago, about how to create designs your market thinks are cool and possibly make it more likely to want to buy what you are selling: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/app/cool Note: You’ll need a mobile phone or iPad to access the above link. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA