# A stiff middle finger to the trolls

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 31 Jul 2025 19:15:28 +0000
**ID:** 19861eae423c71db
---

Reader Samuel Keith Turner Jr shares a doozie: === Thanks 🙏🏾 Ben for staying at what you do and still learning and sharing. You inspired me to write 7 paperback books 📚 and build my email 📧 list and much more as a writer. This is my first year feeling much better after losing 90 percent of my intestines. I told the doctors 🥼 and nurses to let me die at the UF Shands Cancer Hospital 🏥 at one point. I was getting a lot of emails and text from my readers and sports 🏈 🏀 fans of my photography and videography and highlight creations as I battled with bad situation and my daughter told me she needed me. Ben, my grandmother on my mother and father’s side died of cancer and I didn’t not even want to hear the word “Cancer” from doctors 🥼 I should have gone to the doctor earlier. I started getting pains in my stomach before the pandemic 😷 and figured the pain would go away eventually. Had gone through a divorce in 2013 and put all my attention in my work, writing and shooting footage of various, creating films 🎥 , doing technology and co-parenting my daughter. I had my daughter half of the week and ex-wife other half of the week. My daughter knows of your writings and how they inspired me to write in ways that gave and give good 👍🏾 results. And we would have great conversations about your emails and other books 📚 and ebooks. She is 18 years old now. After the divorce, I was dug deep into my writings and other technology things. I have seen people who took the chemotherapy and radiation route and decided to try other things. I’m here for a reason and digging harder now than I have ever done in my life and learning to relax and enjoy life more. I have a great lady friend 10 years younger than me and we get along real well. We have been dating 10 months and she’s very cool 😎 Yes, you can use any of this ans inspiration testimony. Shoot me an email 📧 when you do. I would love to read it. Thanks 🙏🏾 Ben === Talk about a testimonial. It’s the hard times when you find out who people really are, as well as who really has your back and who doesn’t. Congrats to Mr. Turner on his paperback books, emails list that has his back, and having a woman 10 years younger than him - which are 3 major things we both have in common... More: His testimonial demonstrates one of the many reasons daily emails are so powerful; because they can create a relationship between you and your audience in much the same way daily talk radio (Limbaugh, Stern) and TV (Carson, Oprah, etc) programs have between host and audience. There is a “give and take” there that is hard to explain. You just have to experience it. If you want to learn how I do it, see my paid Email Players newsletter. Next month’s issue is the milestone 14-year anniversary issue which you still have a little bit of time to subscribe to in time for (deadline is when I send the list to the printer today). Every anniversary issue and every testimonial like Mr. Turner’s above is basically a stiff middle finger to the trolls over the years who have insisted this newsletter would never last, I am scamming people, don't know what I am talking about, etc etc etc. Proof that nobody but nobody emotionally self-projects like trolls. Anyway, I’m also including a 60+ page bonus with this 14-year anniversary issue: “Email Players Annual #4: After School Special” This oversized (literally - in both size and page count) Annual issue bonus exists outside the normal continuity of the newsletter. And I wrote it to commemorate the newsletter’s 14-year anniversary. And it’s written as a long letter “to” Willis in case I up and join the choir invisible before he comes of age to teach it it to him - with all the most important business, marketing, money/finance, health, and relationship info I want him to know. I spent more time on this than I have some of my full-length books. I won’t say this is the “best” writing I’ve ever done but it’s certainly the most important. You can read more about it in the PS below if you want. Otherwise - the deadline to get in on time is when I send the list to the printer today. After that? Too late. So if you want in, best hop to it: https://www.EmailPlayers.com NOTE: I do NOT ship to Indonesia, China, India, Ukraine, Russia, the Philippines, Thailand, Japan, or Africa. Current Email Players subscribers are “Grandfathered” in, of course. Ben Settle P.S. Here’s some of the info inside the bonus Email Players Annual #4: After School Special I am gifting to Email Players subscribers next month: * A shrewd marketing formula invented by a consultant who used to advise the government on how to create propaganda. * A slick negotiation technique that can help “flip the script” in the sociosexual marketplace so women chase you instead of you chasing them. * What to do to your light bulbs that can not only help you get better, deeper, and more restful sleep… but also wake up more energetic, alert, and ready to “do battle” in the morning. * An “under-the-radar” (they don’t exactly teach in business school) trick used by some of the greatest leaders, politicians, and businessmen in history to help get people to cheerfully want to throw new business, opportunities, and cash flow at you. * The #1 trick for falling asleep almost as soon as your head hits the pillow - yes, even if you toss, turn, and stare at the ceiling wide awake each night now! * Money advice inspired by an eccentric golf guru I’ve used for nearly two decades to stay out of debt, buy ownership in multiple businesses with cash, and enjoy a lot more financial peace of mind in today’s volatile economy. * A cash flow technique pioneered by the late businessman Earl Nightingale that can potentially help you escape nearly any kind of financial emergency - especially when you’re desperate, terrified, and the “wolves” at your door demanding to be paid NOW. * A secret way to use an ordinary smart phone to help optimize your blood sugar, circulation, calorie burn, ability to fight off being sick, and have healthier joints, bones, mood, stress levels, and more. * The sleepy, under-known precious metal (NOT gold, silver, copper, platinum, or any of the “usual suspects” you see talked about) that’s by far the most valuable asset you can have in a SHTF (shit-hits-the-fan) economic or even Mad Max-style societal collapse. * Speaking of SHTF scenarios: a simple question you can ask someone to know, potentially with almost 99% certainty, if someone is likely to sell you out. * What is likely THE single cheapest and most potent “pill” ever invented for good health & well being... that needs no prescription, and can probably be acquired nearly anywhere in the world (including countries with shabby healthcare or even no healthcare to speak of.) * A clever strategy used by the banking industry for getting money from people who have none while offering them nothing in return. * How throwing away your sunglasses can be almost like working bona fide miracles on your hormones, energy levels, and mood. * The despised “political prophet” who predicted exactly what the U.S. is experiencing today over 30 years ago… and what he said you can expect to happen in the coming months, years, and decades. * What the “Godfather of personal branding” himself taught about how even rank amateurs can seize the lion’s share of money, engagement, and response in business. * The “anti-attraction” reason why even a lot of rich men who won the genetic lottery in looks are alone, rejected, depressed, even suicidal. * A small “twist” a lot of podcasters (big and small) can put on their funnels that would probably as much as double or even triple their revenue over time if they’re open-minded enough to try it. * How to rid yourself of crippling neediness for women you like that only gives them the so-called “ick” now. * The next best thing to honest-to-goodness “truth serum” for knowing exactly what a woman is thinking, feeling, or plotting no matter how brilliantly she hides her true intentions! * An ancient business secret (found in an old story about the wizard Merlin) that small businesses can use to beat the pants off competitors with better pricing, budget size, sales copy, offers, list quality, brand/name recognition, marketplace positioning, credentials, positioning, influence, audience size, or even value. * Advice from a wise pastor about finding cash flow for something you desperately need without resorting to loans, debt, or having to owe any man anything. * Why one of the best ways for a man to be more successful with women is to try to help them get back together with their ex-boyfriends. * The secret technique I’ve been using for years that can potentially help almost anyone in business go from 0- to 4-figures, 4- to 5-figures, 5- to 6-figures, and, yes, 6- to 7-figures in sales. * Advice to a frustrated and stigmatized Nigerian copywriter who struggles with being taken seriously by clients for no other reason than where he lives. * The dirty little secret big financial newsletter publishers selling some $500 million hedge fund manager’s “system” never tell you. * An almost freakishly profitable copywriting technique old school A-list copywriters would talk to each other about behind closed doors that created whole industries and control ads (and royalties) that’d last for years. * What to eat with every meal that can do wonders for helping optimize your blood sugar, energy levels, and body composition. * The ingenious “forever war” secret you can wage against your competition to (totally legally & ethically) steal the attention, engagement, and even the loyalty & respect of their customers. * The 8-point “get your balls back” protocol for if a woman you love & plan to spend the rest of your life with betrays you, leaves you, or even cheats, divorces, or goes ice cold on you for no reason whatsoever. * Why you should never under ANY circumstance trust your banker! * What a brilliant testosterone health expert & doctor teaches younger men for maximizing higher testosterone levels as you grow older. * The exact program (you might even be able to find on YouTube) I used for getting out from under a mountain of credit card, car note, and student loan debt far faster than almost anyone else I know ever has. * How to be nearly impervious to being knocked off and/or copied/cloned/easily replaced by so-called AI, copycats, pirates, and other assorted cons, criminals, & content burglars. * A stock trading method invented in the 3rd century BC that works even better in the 21st century AD with today’s technology. * The trick to granting yourself “instant energy” whenever you feel sluggish, weak, or lethargic. * How to find, attract, wrangle, and marry a loyal, “ride-or-die” woman. * The two-part way to banish self esteem problems I give young business men when it comes to marketing, copywriting, getting clients, and practically any other business challenges you struggle with. * How to keep your self respect & emotions in check when a woman rejects, ignores, ghosts, or (worse) manipulates and uses you just to get the attention of other men. * What social media “List Laundering” is and how to use it to ramp up your email response & sales. * The sneaky way (certain, very big social media accounts do) the famous movie director Frank Capra used to make himself into one of the richest and most celebrated brands of his time. * A secret direct mail tip found in the New Testament (pioneered by the Apostle Paul) that can help blast up your email campaign response to much higher levels. * How to turn people who have no desire whatsoever to buy anything from you into your own, personal “unwitting” sales force working hard to get you new business. * What I did to “break” a left-wing, feminist-indoctrinated girl boss... and transform her into a submissive, right wing, ride-or-die woman who literally now calls herself... “Genghis Mom.” All right, so be it. If you want in on time for the milestone 14-year anniversary Email Players issue plus a free copy of Email Players Annual #4: After School Special then scroll back up to the URL, note the list of banned countries, and follow the instructions while you still can. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA