# The copywriting community is fooked

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 14 Jul 2025 00:14:20 +0000
**ID:** 1980648662010b44
---

No, not because AI is gonna take their jobs, unless they let it do so. But because the information being taught is seems to be decaying to the point where now nobody even knows what is ethical or not. I am not talking about “gray areas.” I am talking about black & white, line drawn in sand, “don’t do this” kind of stuff. For example, this question I got: === I’m an aspiring copywriter and I had a question about bullets please. Some bullet examples are insane like: “Why you should never chew gun if you’re trying to lose weight!” Are these kinda made up bullets? Or do you actually mention this in the products? Do products really have answers to all these INSANE bullets? What if they don’t and people ask about it? === There was a time when I'd think a question like this was trolling. And I certainly don’t blame anyone at all for asking. Sounds to me like the copywriting community as a whole has become so fooked it somehow has even less standards than it did the last time I checked in on it. It’s one reason I stopped engaging with the copywriting community (other than this list and my Email Players subscribers, of course) back in 2018. The virtue signaling, pandering, and overall fragility was bad enough. Not to mention that’s when they started supplicating to the self-mutilating pronoun brigade. But I noticed a lot of bad advice being shared, celebrated, even held up as wisdom back then. I wanted nothing to do with it. And going by the above question? Smells to me like it’s only gotten worse. Some of the names I see today getting thrown around as copywriting authorities and mentors are people I know for a fact aren’t qualified to pour water out of a boot, much less teach copywriting, and I also know for a fact many have never sold to anyone but their own warm lists/audiences. This is especially true from a bunch of the ones I see shilling so-called AI. No, I’m not talking about those legitimately testing & exploring the technology. I’m talking about the ones outright grifting, lying, and exploiting newbies. Speaking of which, here's something not directly related to copywriting, but certainly "adjacent" to it: The great Karl Denninger recently wrote an article (titled "Digital Tulips") about so-called AI that everyone whole cloth believing the lies coming from the corporate-pushed, FOMO-fueled Narrative should read. But if you know who Karl is, you're probably either a fan and probably already read it, if not then if you do read it you might think him a lunatic and probably won't want to hear what he has to say. But back to the copywriting community: I have my own sort of copywriting community. Specifically, in my free Settleheads Facebook group. I don’t only talk about copywriting in there. But it comes up quite a bit. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/settleheads Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA