# Racketeer rabbit writing trick

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 24 Nov 2025 12:15:18 +0000
**ID:** 19ab5cbb506cb694
---

I once read a brilliant take by Dan Kennedy about the “out of nowhere flash” effect. What that means is, when a writer’s brain whips up info, ideas, thoughts, words, dialogue, stray memories, whatever it is... that come purely from your subconscious, triggered by something random or something hovering in your subconscious at that exact moment in time in your life that may or may never repeat again... that often must be captured in that exact moment lest you lose it forever (as ideas are often fleeting and even ephemeral almost like vapor)... and that changes everything in whatever it is you're writing. I’ve experienced this 1000s of times. Here is an example: The Oregon Eagle newspaper I have some ownership in is also an ‘affiliate’ for one of my other companies: Low Stress Trading. And so Email Players subscriber Richard Emmons (who founded the newspaper) publishes an article from us in each issue that both educates about trading, but also can lead to sales via our affiliate link. Owning your own media is helluva power, to say the least. Anyway, Richard wanted to use one of Troy Broussard’s - who invented Low Stress Trading - emails he sent to the mailing list at that time as said article, more or less unchanged, but fixed up for the publication, for this past August 2025’s Oregon Eagle issue. And the first working title was: “Retail’s Demand For Day Trading Skyrockets, But Dangerously” I thought about that a second. And then I wondered if we could do something more dramatic. In other words: more “New York Post” - notorious for using a lot of infotainment in its headlines - than “New York Times.” And my brain conjured up that “out of nowhere flash”, and just sort of connected something from my childhood I hadn’t thought of in probably decades - yet just seemed to “fit.” Believe it or not, it was from a friggin’ Bugs Bunny cartoon of all places. Specifically, from the 1946 episode titled, “Racketeer Rabbit” - that has a scene with Bugs - dressed as a gangster, flipping a coin - threatening a crime boss: “It’s curtains for your, Rocky!” And my goofy arse brain came up with: “It’s Curtains For Newbie Retail Day Traders” A far more fun, entertaining, yet still serious enough headline. It would not shock me at all if lots of readers (mostly boomers) connected to that Bugs Bunny episode, giving them feelings of nostalgia, and make them “bond” just a little bit more than usual with the newspaper as a whole - even if they had no real interest in trading. (A good thing to have happen) Either way, this is a surreal phenomenon. And it’s something that happens after writing 100s of 1000s of words. It’s also something I believe anyone reading this can begin to train themselves to do, as it is the same thing I did in my client days to force myself to do it, and of course still do it to pull headlines, bullets, stories, CTA’s, PS’s, and just about anything else I need when writing sales copy of any kind. Another opinion: Not knowing this, especially now that everyone and their mother is prompting out endless amounts of generative so-called AI ads, is mandatory, in my biased opinion. Otherwise, it could be “curtains” for your own ads and marketing if you don’t know how to stand out from it, which this “in the moment flash” phenomenon can absolutely help you do. Believe it or not, I also use it for my novels and screenplay writing, too. No “brainstorming” with so-called AI necessary and no even so much as looking at swipe files anymore necessary. Although I still do from time to time to see how some copywriters approached specific problems. All of which brings me to the climax: I show you how I have gained this ability, and how I believe you can too, from something I heard from a copywriter over 20 years ago, that I still think about often today, and that I talk about in the December Email Players issue for those who want the same ability. It doesn’t even take long to explain but admittedly it will take time to do. So the faster you learn it, the better. You can read more about what’s inside the December issue in the P.S. below. Otherwise, here’s the link to subscribe: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Some more of what you’ll read in the December issue: * Unusual tips for creating your first digital product when you’re not sure what to sell, not sure if anyone will want what you sell, or not sure if your ideas are even likely to sell. * The trick to positioning your brand as a trusted authority worthy of listening to & buying from right from the get-go. * A quickie, “idiot’s guide” to creating a marketing funnel if you’re not sure what to do, where to begin, or who to listen to. * How one-man-band businesses can stand out even as the “AI email avalanche” continues to create more and more noise and inbox clutter. * The ingenious Gene Schwartz trick (based on neurophysiology research of his day) for turning stray brain farts into world class headlines, subject lines, story lines, bullets/fascinations, even entire offers. * What email copywriters who insist on using generative so-called AI should know about Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail and other inbox services. * The shrewd creativity trick I’ve been using for over 20 years to generate nearly unlimited profitable ideas for emails, sales copy, books, newsletters, and marketing campaigns across multiple businesses. * Advice to struggling copywriters that can help you almost immediately extract more joy (and profit) from your work. * An insanely profitable (but definitely NOT easy to pull off) secret found in Robert Greene’s “33 Strategies of War” for potentially making more sales in a few months than you probably would in 10+ years otherwise. (I’ve done this 3 times. And while I can say it worked to almost spooky degree, it can also literally take years off your life if you’re easily stressed, rattled by uncertainty, or burned out.) * A strange - but true - way to “leap frog” over the time, frustration, & uncertainty phase of creating high-priced offers that can potentially sell like hotcakes to your list. * A bizarre method (taught by the late A-list actor Steve McQueen towards the end of his life) for having almost supernatural levels of productivity. * How to become so “emotionally one” with your prospects that you can know almost exactly what they want to buy with potentially near-pinpoint precision. (And without having to twist around with endless pre-testing, surveys, or even asking them.) * The “mask of influence” secret (perfect for hardcore introverts) used by Johnny Carson to help him become one of the richest & most celebrated brands of his day. * Some raw and unfiltered thoughts about how to build equity in a solo business. (Including how I approach doing it in my own company.) * What you absolutely must do first (assuming you don’t want to lose a ton of customers, at least) to safely convert a digital membership model into a print newsletter model like mine. * What to do if your email copywriting game is tight but your promos keep flopping left and right. * A “switch” you can flip in your brain that can help protect yourself from withering burnout. * What I’m teaching my own flesh-and-blood son about how to have as consistently high physical, mental, and creative energy levels as possible. * One thing almost all people who tend to live longer do that almost all people who tend to die early don’t. To subscribe hit the jump here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA