# I reject the premise of the question

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 22 Sep 2025 19:44:38 +0000
**ID:** 19972f5fbc6d910b
---

Came another question about my attitude towards so-called AI: === Hey Ben If you were a medieval mathematician would hate on the invention of Calculator?? I hear you okay.. you hate gpt you really do I personally don't use gpt to write emails or posts because I agree the output gives a creepy vibe. But maybe some marketers are actually benefiting from using gpt. Maybe there are ways to use GPT that really do make marketers more money So what's wrong with that? So I ask again If you were a medieval mathematician would hate on the invention of Calculator?? Really look forward to your response === Well, my friend, I got good news for you. I’m about to give you my response now: As I’ve said more times than I can even count at this point... I don’t hate the technology. Like I also recently said, I even profit from it via trading AI stocks (using Low Stress Trading) while there is still a lot of dumb money speculative investors propping it all up. When this glorious bubble pops that cash cow will vanish like a virgin on prom night. But, it’ll have been fun while it lasted. At the same time: While I don't hate the technology itself, it is just a tool, I do hate the way the technology is deliberately being lied about in the direct marketing & copywriting arena. Especially how it’s aggressively pushed on those with zero grasp of the copywriting/marketing fundamentals via shovel seller FOMO Narrative by outright grifters & shills. I see people I know for a fact aren’t even qualified to pour water out of a boot much less teach about marketing or copywriting pushing it. As far as his question about the medieval guy using a calculator: I reject the premise of the question. Because if anything, I already do treat the technology exactly as a super calculator... which so-called AI is by its own admission. And I do not treat it as anything that requires or would be better done via humanity, which so-called AI does NOT have, also, yes... by its own admission. If you won’t believe me that’s fine. Maybe you’ll believe so-called AI then. Speaking of so-called AI: In next month’s Email Players issue I show how we’ve grown our Low Stress Trading company something like 400% in the last year, without using any so-called AI to sell or create content or market it, and with us literally BANNING members from even talking about the topic in the community. It should be quite a show for those wise enough to be subscribed. And it's easily one of the most valuable issues in the newsletter’s 14+ year run. Arguably, it is even THE most valuable. Especially going by how much raw cash in the bank sales the info has helped generate. Subscription info here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA