# 9 reasons to experiment with using comicbook-style ads

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 26 Jul 2025 00:14:50 +0000
**ID:** 1984416ca9fa9859
---

1. They’re fun to write, produce, entertain your readers with 2. They’re a novelty 3. They can be a great catalog for your offers, or even just your teachings, philosophies, thoughts, content, whatever it is 4. They can be used as premiums/bonuses/gifts 5. People often keep them, show them off, don’t toss them out, keeping you top-of-mind and a constant "presence" in their homes/offices 6. It’s easily one of the oldest direct marketing formats ever invented (even Gene Schwartz mentions them in his Breakthrough Advertising book, implying they don’t really go out of style as a format) 7. They set you apart from your boring competition 8. People enjoy reading them if the art is good - something proven over and over again in the comicbook industry 9. You can turn them into “motion” comicbooks (like I used to watch when I was kid, where they’d take Marvel comics, and film the panels, add voiceovers, etc) and put on YouTube, social media, in your mobile app - which I even still have yet to do, but it’s on the agenda There are many more reasons. I’ve been doing them since 2019, and still find new uses for them. For example: I have ownership in a software company (that sells Learnistic ad BerserkerMail), a company that teaches how to trade Options (Low Stress Trading), and most recently even a local newspaper (the Oregon Eagle). And those are all potentially ripe for comicbook-style ads, characters, storylines, to reach out into the market like tentacles and grab on to whole new sections of the market. Technically, we already have a comicbook for the software company. (Email Players Comicbook #2 I gifted to Email Players subscribers in January 2024.) And I’ve already talked to Troy Broussard (majority owner of Low Stress Trading) about him creating a comicbook for that, or at least comicbook-style ads & art, as he’s been wanting to do something like this for a long time. Plus, we can hire his kids to help produce it in house. I also have a hankering to approach the Oregon Eagle majority owner (Email Players subscriber Richard Emmons - hi Richard!) about it as well, as the possibilities for using this with mass media are endless, especially as way of creating our own propaganda. It’s all in the idea stage in my head. But that gives you a very small taste of how this can work. I talk more about comicbook style ads (a way to approach writing them) a bit in next month’s Milestone 14-year anniversary Email Players issue. Plus, I also am including a 60+ page valuable bonus: “Email Players Annual #4: After School Special” This oversized (literally - in both size and page count) Annual issue bonus exists outside the normal continuity of the newsletter. And I wrote it to commemorate the newsletter’s 14-year anniversary. And it’s written as a long letter “to” Willis in case I up and join the choir invisible before he comes of age to teach it it to him - with all the most important business, marketing, money/finance, health, and relationship info I want him to know. I spent more time on this than I have some of my full-length books. I won’t say this is the “best” writing I’ve ever done but it’s certainly the most important. You can read more about it in the PS below if you want. Otherwise - the deadline to get in on time is when I send the list to the printer soon. After that? Too late. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com NOTE: I do NOT ship to Indonesia, China, India, Ukraine, Russia, the Philippines, Thailand, Japan, or Africa. Current Email Players subscribers are “Grandfathered” in, of course. Ben Settle P.S. Here’s some of the info inside the bonus Email Players Annual #4: After School Special I am gifting to Email Players subscribers next month: * The trick to granting yourself “instant energy” whenever you feel sluggish, weak, or lethargic. * How to find, attract, wrangle, and marry a loyal, “ride-or-die” woman. * The two-part way to banish self esteem problems I give young business men when it comes to marketing, copywriting, getting clients, and practically any other business challenges you struggle with. * How to keep your self respect & emotions in check when a woman rejects, ignores, ghosts, or (worse) manipulates and uses you just to get the attention of other men. * What social media “List Laundering” is and how to use it to ramp up your email response & sales. * The sneaky way (certain, very big social media accounts do) the famous movie director Frank Capra used to make himself into one of the richest and most celebrated brands of his time. * A secret direct mail tip found in the New Testament (pioneered by the Apostle Paul) that can help blast up your email campaign response to much higher levels. * How to turn people who have no desire whatsoever to buy anything from you into your own, personal “unwitting” sales force working hard to get you new business. * What I did to “break” a left-wing, feminist-indoctrinated girl boss... and transform her into a submissive, right wing, ride-or-die woman who literally now calls herself... “Genghis Mom.” All right, so be it. If you want in on time for the milestone 14-year anniversary Email Players issue plus a free copy of Email Players Annual #4: After School Special then scroll back up to the URL, note the list of banned countries, and follow the instructions while you still can. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA