# This guy's just 1 or 2 rejections away from putting on a dress

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 21 Dec 2025 12:45:33 +0000
**ID:** 19b40f2efc13e186
---

A troll displays his true feelings for me: == Yeah, you know what? Fuck Off! You're a little bitch! Yeah, you good at what you do, and you're newsletter is excellent, but you yourself are a colossal douche! It's not worth the headache... And besides, I have both your books and your AWAI 10-minute email course to use without having to put up with your super-douch, whiny ass beta-male little bitch personality. Ha ha! So Fuck You! Fuck Off! Nobody's worth that much trouble. Asshole 🖕 === Ooh. Sometimes people think I'm joking or exaggerating when I say a lot of online trolls are just one or two more rejections away from putting on a dress. But if anything, I believe I am understating it. The troll's rant sounds like a spurned borderline personality sending a text to a lover: The self-loathing. The emotional projection. The irrational reaction to rejection. All of which is very often what drives the online troll’s anger, jealousy, & repulsiveness. In this case, my angry admirer above was someone who had left Email Players, tried to come back, was told No as per my clear policy upon signing up… and instead of moving on, living his life, and keeping his dignity, he decided to triple down on the very attributes that torment him. And it’s all part & parcel of the online troll’s pathology. These guys literally have female thought patterns. That is obviously good & natural for women to have female thought patterns. But for guys it's as deranged as them putting on a dress and hanging out inside girls bathrooms. It’s also why it's impossible for me to take any of them seriously, or get offended by them, or feel even the slightest tinge of guilt about marginalizing & monetizing them, and sometimes even making them part of the “lore” of my Copy Trolling methodology for content, emails, future books, and as pigeons for my other businesses where we also get our fair share of trolls. Which brings me to my newest book still on sale for just a little longer today: “Troll Profitear” It’s got a bunch of new methods I’ve been using over the last 7 years since publishing my Copy Troll book (and you do NOT need Copy Troll to use this book) to monetize & exploit trolls for more sales, engagement, and profits. More: It is primarily made up of three Email Players issues (from October 2022, March 2024, and November 2024), plus transcripts & writings from a pile of content taken from various interviews, training, and coaching I’ve done on the subject - including one I did for a coaching group people paid as much as $499/month to access, and another you’d have to pay almost $100 per month for a different coaching program to access. More still: If you get it during this weekend’s launch, I will also send you an extremely valuable bonus book that is more inspirational & positive, that should get any nasty taste out of your mind lingering as a result of reading about monetizing trolls (which can go to some dark places, as you will see should you read Troll Profitear). This bonus book I will send you is called: “The Zoe Tapes” This 266-page book is primarily made up of the transcripts of 60 videos I shot some years ago while walking the beach with my late dog Zoe, teaching some of the best, most valuable, and (in some cases) immediately profitable marketing/copywriting secrets I’ve ever taught and used in my own businesses. I do not sell this bonus book on its own anywhere else for any price. You can only get it free as a bonus by purchasing Troll Profitear before the deadline. You can get Troll Profitear at a special launch price + the Zoe Tape by doing this: 1. Go to the URL below 2. Read the letter carefully so you make an informed purchase 3. Use code GRUNT at the checkout (where it says “Add Referral Code”) by tonight, Sunday December 21 at midnight EST Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/trolltears Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA