# my disgusting write privilege

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 16 Jun 2025 15:45:30 +0000
**ID:** 197796c356290500
---

Came a question: “Did you improve your copywriting skills with deliberate practice and a systematic approach? You’re copywriting is too good for me to believe simply writing more helps you improve. In my experience, doing more of the same just gets you more of the same unless you deliberately pick apart a skill and attack it with well-designed drills to improve. What drills did you do?” Sounds like he wants some of my "write" privilege. To that I will only say that, as far as drills, etc: This answer is inside my Copy Salesliloquies: Vol 1 book. It includes the June 2020, February 2021, June 2021, & May 2022 Email Players issues. Plus, it also includes the transcripts of a couple intense line-by-line sales letter analyses (for my Subscription Biz & Social Lair book offers) I did for our $499/month Profit Pirates coaching clients. Lots of stuff I either couldn’t fit into my Copy Slacker book (already 800+ pages). Or stuff I learned since writing Copy Slacker. And before you even ask: No, you do NOT need Copy Slacker to learn from the info in this book. If anything, it serves as a nifty “prequel” (or sequel if you already possess it) to my Copy Slacker book you can learn from regardless of your experience, knowledge, or skill level now. It’s also on sale for a fat discount off the listed price until Friday, June 20 at midnight, EDT. Simply do this: 1. Go to the URL below 2. Read the letter carefully to make an informed purchase 3. Use code WILLIS at the checkout (Make sure you see the price change before entering your info) To start enjoying some of the same “write" privilege I do go here: http://www.EmailPlayers.com/salesliloquies1 Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA