# Some bizarre fax about infotainment & violent crime rates

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 01 Dec 2025 16:49:51 +0000
**ID:** 19adad3eabd0282b
---

True story: Last year I was back-and-forthing with the great Dan Kennedy by FAX, the only way he communicates. And I asked him: “What stuff do you read to stay current? Politics, entertainment, the culture, sports, news . . .but also business/direct marketing industry, politics?” He gave a long list of just such material. But, what stood out was this part specifically: “I subscribed to VARIETY and HOLLYWOOD REPORTER because I think I’m in the entertainment business.” As usual, he is right: If you’re in direct marketing at all you, my friend, are in the ENTERTAINMENT business, too. Whether you like it or not, want to be or not, or even care about the topic or not. I’ve written a lot about infotainment - combining entertainment with information/content - in Email Players throughout the years, plus inside my best-selling “Infotainment Jackpot” book. It does not come easy to everyone, but it is absolutely a learnable skill. If I could figure it out, probably anyone can. In fact, here’s another lesson directly applicable to email & infotainment: When I was a child visiting my dad every other weekend, we’d spend those Saturdays watching low-budget B horror movies. And, during the breaks, a guy dressed up like a ghoul called “Svengoolie” would do some kind of goofy skit or bit that’d help lighten up the dank subject matter of the horror movie playing, and even became “part” of the entertainment itself… often cranking up the ratings (and, thus, profits for the TV station) far beyond what they’d normally be. Such is the sales & marketing power of a talented “horror host.” And before you ask, a horror host is just what it sounds like: A horror show presenter or host in the tradition of the ancient theatre presenter, but who assumes a campy or humorous horror-themed persona like ol’ Svengoolie or Vampira or (my favorite) the Crypt Keeper. These horror hosts were often newscasters trying to make some extra dough on the side. But an awful lot of them were just talented boys or ghouls who knew how to take something that isn’t otherwise appealing and make people want to consume it. Case in point: There is an excellent documentary called “American Scary” about some of the most influential horror hosts who ever lived. One of the many different horror hosts & TV historians they quote is a guy named Bob Burns. And he summed it up best: “If [the horror host is] really very good you’d rather see them. The movie is secondary.” Criminals agree with that, too, incidentally. How do I know? Because crime went DOWN during shows each week with popular horror hosts! You also probably agree, too, whether you realize it or not. Because if you’ve ever watched, for example, a show like Tales From The Crypt, and found yourself looking more forward to that wrinkled little nutsack Crypt Keeper’s jokes and commentary than to the show itself then you, my friend, have experienced this phenomenon first hand. Which brings your daily email “horror host” Bengoolie to the point. Actually, I have two points. 1. These days even our entertainment needs entertainment to get it consumed! 2. To put some deeper thought into just what your “role” is as a marketer, freelancer, or business professional of any kind with something to say. I’d argue you will be most effective if you play the part not just of email marketer, but as the “horror host” of your offers. And I would further argue the more complex, deep, serious, “professional”, and heavy the content you are selling, the more important this is to do. Anyway, I said earlier this is a learnable skill. And that if I can do it, anyone can, as it certainly did not come to me naturally. And so, if you want to get my Infotainment Jackpot book at the special "Seasons Emailings" sale today, at a fat 25% discount off the listed price on the sales page, you have until tonight, Monday 12/1 at midnight EST. Yes, this is a 12 hour sale. If you want it, here it is, come and get it: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/jackpot Use code KING (where it says “add referral code”) for the discount, and make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle P.S. I am holding a sale on nearly all my books throughout the month. And you’ll only have about 12 hours to snag each deal. So tomorrow? A different book on sale... This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA