# An incoherent spewage of my writing process

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 10 Aug 2025 02:15:11 +0000
**ID:** 19891c436893fe73
---

Email Players subscriber Kartikey Gupta once asked about my writing process: "Do you write down every thought that comes while navigating your thinking awareness or do you just go deep to see where it leads... Curious to know - Can you elaborate on your thinking process?" Let's take a wack at answering his question: I live inside my head, and write literally everything of note down, file it in a folder on my desktop where appropriate, determining if it will be an email, content for a book, content for Email Players, content for a audio or video... or maybe used for something else entirely or totally lost in the abyss, never to be used and totally forgotten, ignored and passed over for younger, hotter ideas as the original idea hit the wall. Then often ideas sit there for weeks or months or possibly a year or longer (several years in some cases)... and in the time between I write it down and do something with it, my brain is connecting dots, looking for connections to other stuff, maybe hitching a ride on something I've already written or created to parasite off that or build onto it or change it somehow.. and it’s all very organic and chaotic in many ways, and not something that is methodized other than the above. Some of my emails, books, newsletters, even fiction were "written" 1-2 years prior. I already have the 2026 August Email Players issue mapped out, for example. Ideas I had back as a kid or in college have made their way into fiction and emails 30+ years later in some cases. I have some other Email Players issues already plotted out for the end of 2026 and at least one in 2027 - all based on filed away ideas that came to me out of the blue, while driving, in the shower, while walking, reading, watching something on TV, or from a stray brain fart someone said somewhere online or offline or maybe just something that occurred in a dream. After that timing is everything. Timing of offers, timing of when something will have most impact, timing of how something will relate or fit into the context already created by other content before it, or how it will effect what comes after… Sometimes timing changes and something I thought I'd do later gets done immediately (that happened a lot right before the lockdowns)... while stuff I want to do now gets put off for months or over a year for maximum impact and benefit to give the reader the best experience. It's just one strand, one string, one "tentacle" at a time. All of them sally forth'ing out, looking to plug into/attach to something else, often being diverted, or enhanced, sometimes deleted... based on whatever else is going on in the world, with my own interests, with mistakes made, insights gained, opportunities arising... or just changing trajectory based on what I think may go on, what has gone on, what is suddenly going on.. or could go on, or that I want to happen or not to happen. A guy can go a bit bat shyt existing like this sometimes. And it can be hard to quiet your mind, almost like slipping into despair. It can even cause some weird dreams, too. But at least you don’t get bored. So that’s my answer to that. All right, enough of this. How about something more coherent? Like, say, our BerserkerMail platform. It was created by email marketers for email marketers… that is not controlled by virtue signaling-obsessed managers with pronouns in their bios… that takes no bank or outside funding controlling what we can or can’t do or say (or who raise your prices even after taking $250 million in funding like one popular ESP did)… that has customer service overseen by two Email Players subscribers who “get” email… and that has a free test drive so you can play with it, see if it’s your bag, decided whether to join our merry band of asylum-bound email marketers, many of who share my insanity-induced ways? If you want to check that out go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/berserker Ben Settle P.S. On a totally different note, here are some more random brain spewage: Now that the August Email Players issue is hitting doorsteps I've been getting some great from-the-gut testimonials (the best kind) about the bonus Email Players Annual #4: After School Special I sent with it, to celebrate the newsletter's 14-year anniversary. Usually when I get done with a writing project my mind is already on to the next thing. And I don't think much about it. But Email Players Annual #4: After School Special is sticking in my own brain since writing it. It was quite therapeutic to write. Very surreal experience, in some ways. And so far it's looking like it's having the same effect on readers. Anyway, if you read it and like it and would be willing to send me a testimonial for it, I'd definitely appreciate it. Just write down whatever pops in your mind, don't polish or think about it - just write it in the spirit of what I taught in this email. i.e., from the gut. I will inevitably sell it next year. And it will cost a lot more than the other annual issues have so far - as the info is ridiculously valuable, and is not meant for most people anyway (will not explain), and I want to heavily curate who has it going forward. All of which means this: If you are an Email Players subscriber right now, and got in time for the August issue, let's just say you saved yourself quite a lot of money by having it as free bonus bundled with that 14-year Anniversary issue vs buying it later like the NEPc's (Non-Email Players characters) will have to. More spewage: To this day it's mildly amusing when someone says they can't "afford" Email Players. It's literally $3.23 per day, so they are lying to themselves and to me. If they can't afford that they should be on public assistance not buy info products. And this is especially the case when they end up buying offers I sell later at higher prices to NEPC's, that they could have saved in money if they had simply stayed with me, sacked up, and got their shyt figured out by using the info. It should not "cost" anything - if you're using it - it should pay for itself in spades. Frankly this last April's issue alone should have made cash flow problems disappear. But it didn't for those who didn't actually use it. Probably they are too busy doom scrolling, rage posting, or watching TikTok. This is just how most people are, though. They lack character and discipline, and have no concept of delayed gratification, the necessity of chasing hard work while everyone else is chasing leisure, and they want everything fast, free, and now. Every copywriter worth his salt knows this about people. And many shamelessly take advantage of this quirk of human nature. Me? I mock it, try to turn such people off, hopefully they'll complain to their friends. It's one reason I curate so hard in my marketing is turn these people off altogether. It works most of the time, but other times it doesn't. Anyway, not sure where else I am going with this. But if this PS turns off someone who can't control their urges because they get caught up in wanting to scratch an itch that a bullet point or headline caused, and no real ambition to solve the problem said bullet promises to help with, then I just did them a favor. I expect my customers to read, make informed purchases, and use what I sell them, Those who don't are banned from buying anything in the future. When some of them see me refunding them they are shocked. "Why is this guy not kissing my ass and taking my money like other online businesses do?" That's not a bug, that's a feature of my way of doing business. Such customers will have to be someone else's problem, not mine. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA