# Krampus wants to drag your business down to hell

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 08 Dec 2025 16:50:30 +0000
**ID:** 19afedf34d051220
---

Let’s talk about Krampus. Krampus is the evil version of Santa Claus who's a half goat/half demon in chains, with a long pointed tongue and razor sharp fangs. Instead of bringing good kids presents his job is to punish naughty children with everything from swatting them with birch branches to drowning them, eating them, and dragging them down to the pit of hell. Anyway, ‘ol Krampy also visits businesses, too. And he (figuratively) dispenses the same punishment on the naughty ones. What kind of naughty businesses? Well, for example, businesses that: * Don’t send interesting and persuasive emails to their lists... and instead only mail boring or limp-wristed AI-prompted lectures devoid of drama or persuasion * Spend all their time writing posts on social media, but never get around to mailing their lists * Write boring headlines and castrated bullets in their sales letters * Create plain vanilla offers nobody cares about * Spend all their time & money learning how to build funnels but still haven’t got their first offer up and running * Never bother learning from the old school marketers, and get all their so-called education on social media, from people who aren't even qualified to pour water out of a boot much less teach marketing or copywriting or anything about selling whatsoever * Don’t put the first hour of each day into their Mission * Mindlessly chase marketing & copywriting "hacks" and prompts instead of learning & mastering the fundamentals * And, the list drags on through the cold wintery woods… Anyway, Krampus is out there right now. Skimming the shadows. Seeking businesses to punish. And if you’re engaging in any of the naughty activities above, then God help your business. Because nobody else will… But, there is a way to keep Krampus at bay. And that is by taking advantage (if it’s not too late already) of today’s 12-hour “Seasons Emailings” offer to get my popular “Affiliate Launch Copynomicon” book at a Krampy-sized 20% discount off the price listed on the sales page. It’s not cheap. But, it can put the fear of God into 'ol Krampy should he come stalking your business. The deadline is tonight (Monday 12/8) at midnight EST. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/copynomicon Use code KRAMPUS at the checkout (where it says “Add Referral Code”) for the discount, and make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA