# How chasing metrics lead to suicides, despair, and bankruptcy

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 27 Sep 2025 12:45:23 +0000
**ID:** 1998b36a88d4272a
---

And porno, too. At least, if Seth Godin’s “Enough A/B testing will turn any website into a porn site” is to be believed. And I agree with him on that. I can even think of at least two ‘name’ direct marketers that’s basically happened to. In fact, here’s a true story about the dangers of chasing “metrics”: Earlier this year, I saw a post about the Uncanny X-Men #211 comic from 1986. This single comicbook issue was, in some ways, responsible for the downfall of a publishing empire, sending Marvel Comics into bankruptcy and not being given more life until the movies came out to pick up the slack in 2008... only for the current studio to start repeating a similar mistake, with the actual publishing wing of Marvel not even making a profit anymore, from what I can tell. Probably just depends how creative Shifty the Accountant in the back room gets. But here’s what happened: Writer Chris Claremont had been writing Uncanny X-Men for about 11 years at the time, and took it from a tier 3 title nobody read and was just selling reprinted stories... to being the #1 selling comicbook on the planet each month. Frankly, Marvel was paying him so much in royalties at the time that he owned his own airplane, if that tells you something. But then one day he woke up and decided he'd created so many characters he had a problem: "There are just too many mutants." And so he told his editor his plan to kill a bunch of the characters off. That turned into what became known as the "Mutant Massacre" storyline. And his friend and peer Louise Simonson, who was writing the X-Men's sister title X-Factor at the time, asked if she could play, too, with killing off characters, as it sounded like a lot of fun. So did a couple of other writers & editors who got wind of it. And so they ran this multi-part crossover mostly unplanned and off-the-cuff. And it was just a gigantic success - all from Chris’ brain fart. In fact, it was such a success the stock holders and powers-that-be at Marvel (after looking at "the metrics", not giving a shyt about the actual fans) demanded a crossover event like that EVERY year after that. Not based on storytelling or serving the fans. But because they saw dollar signs and data to be exploited. And that meant writers and editors now having to focus on force-squeezing in storylines and character development into these pre-determined crossovers, instead of focusing on making the fans happy. Claremont hated it, and so did other creatives, as you can imagine. That was NOT how he built X-Men into the biggest selling comicbook. Nor was that how Stan Lee got everything kicked off 20 years earlier. It was having a long game, fan & Experience-first, approach. Not a short game, investor & metrics-first approach. But the money guys (i.e., dumb money speculative investors) loved it. And they made lots and lots and lots of sales for the next few years doing it. Far more than they would have otherwise. But, it came at a cost in attracting more speculative buyers who temporarily drove up short term sales quickly... while losing long term readers who had always consistently grown sales, and were the foundation of the customer base. I think even a total marketing newbie would know that’s a losing game. But it got even worse: The short term sales and profits were so good “on paper” that Marvel was bought by another investor who didn't give a shyte about comicbooks whatsoever. He didn't read them or respect them. All he saw was metrics and the bottom line. He was the quintessential what I call “psychological marketer” - letting the numbers and metrics dictate every decision and move, no matter what. He wanted to wring out every single last penny he could out of Marvel. Fan reading Experience, respect, and gratitude had nothin’ to do with it. The “metrics” lead the way. So not only did they do these idiotic forced crossovers each year (and forcing other titles to do it now), but he would, for example, look at titles that had Wolverine in it, who usually boosted sales by his mere appearance. Then he declared Wolverine had to be in nearly EVERY main comicbook title throughout the year as often as possible, whether it made sense or not. The "metrics" demanded it, after all. As Chris Claremont put it after he left and they started giving the artists all the creative power over HIS storylines he'd been developing for over a decade that created the rabid fanbase (nothing of which he did because of metrics - it was all based on his love of the characters and respect for his audience): “For a guy [Wolverine] who is supposed to be a loner, he sure gets around…” He was astonished how in just a year and a half after he left, how much they gutted his 17 years of stories and build-up and ruined the context and mystery, and just merchandised everything to the point where there were now multiple variant covers, trading cards, 3D covers, poly bagged titles... all to get speculative investors (who had zero loyalty vs the long time fans who did) to spend all their money each month to get them all. Again, all due to the “metrics” leading the way. Not customer Experience or satisfaction or serving the true fans. i.e., the customers who made the company’s success possible in the first place. Eventually? Marvel collapsed spectacularly. And it was like a massacre of its own, right out of the comic storyline that started it all. For example: There was at least one suicide and, from what I read, some others dropping dead or getting sick from the stress and grief and soulless approach of it all. There was also bankruptcy, too. And the company was so broke that new metrics-obsessed owner who screwed it up so badly started mandating employees use the bathroom in the restaurant in the building Marvel's offices were in, so the restaurant would get the bigger water bill! He would also punish people for not using both sides of copy paper. And the cheapskate even collected staples off the floor so they could be reused, etc. It almost sounds like a sitcom plot. This is all chronicled in Sean Howe's "Marvel Comics: The Untold Story", incidentally. But basically that is what happened. Back to Uncanny X-Men 211: I started collecting around the time of this particular issue. And I remember watching it all unfold over the next 10 years. It was like watching a car wreck in slow motion. You could see the deterioration in the stories and the outright trying to squeeze as much as they could from the fans to the point of outright disrespect and insult. I would argue also out of contempt - with everything ruthlessly bent towards the bottom line. i.e., it's psychological marketing vs the what I call “Sociological Marketing” approach Stan Lee mostly used to build out the Marvel Universe 25 years earlier in the first place, and that made all those profits and sales possible, and that attracted the worst of humanity to the company to its ruin. There are a lot of cautionary lessons in that story. Like, for example: The Chinese proverb I have heard the great Matt Furey quote about how “a strength overextended becomes a weakness.” I'd also add not letting metrics & spreadsheets, and the greed and resentment and contempt for customers those metrics & spreadsheets inevitably create drive every nook & cranny of your business - and certainly not at the expense and lowered Experience of your best and most loyal customers/clients. A book I recently revisited is related to this topic called: “The Tyranny of Metrics” It's not that metrics and tracking are bad. It's just that they are often used to make incredibly bad - even potentially very deadly - decisions. Especially at hospitals (leading to deaths and suffering, like during the fake pandemic), and with law enforcement, government, and at big corporate entities like Marvel. When it all becomes about metrics it’s stop being about people. And when you stop serving your people, they stop buying. And when they stop buying? You might as well bend over, put your head firmly between your legs, and kiss your arse good bye. All right, so that's that. If all this talk of psychological vs Sociological Marketing is new to you, and if you want more info on this topic, and see the most “pure” form of Sociological Marketing I’ve ever been a part of (even more so than my main book & newsletter publishing company), see the October Email Players issue. I walk you through one of my companies applying this every day. So much so we are hostile and antagonistic towards the purely psychological marketing all our competitors are doing - even as they are forced to constantly put out more and more (low quality) offers just to say afloat, and in some cases getting nailed by the Big Brother. See recent Agora Financial’s troubles in this area over the years. You can easily Google it. They are all about psychological marketing, if ever any business is, from what I've seen. But we do the exact opposite as them. And we have been doing it to the tune of something like 400% growth in just the last year alone - with it growing, mutating, taking on a life of its own... all without going blind looking at spreadsheets & metrics, and only focusing on the Experience - both the customers’ and our own. The sales and growth take care of themselves, as a result. I believe nearly any business who reads the October Email Players issue can do the same. Or, at least, model what I teach about Sociological marketing. More about what’s inside in the P.S. below. To subscribe before the deadline when I send the list to the printer go here immediately: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s a look at what you’ll learn in the October Email Players issue: * How using porn-o disgraced two of the most brilliant direct marketers who ever walked the face of the Earth. (You can still learn a lot from these two - even if it’s a what-NOT-to-do situation.) * A sneaky storytelling secret used by a soap opera that’s been running non-stop for 62 YEARS... that can make it hard for customers to resist engaging with & buying your offers. * A real life example for how to “stack” 2, 3, 4, even 5 or more subscription/continuity offers without suffering from withering churn or burning customers out. * The “Jenny Factor” secret used by Walt Disney that can dramatically cut down on churn and dramatic sales dips - even during bad economies. * How to (100% legally & ethically) use a method perfected by an abusive, cult-like 1970’s self-help group to get so many more affiliates sales it will probably legitimately freak you out! (It freaked us out a bit, at least, when we started implementing it...) * What to if you’re kind of an off-putting jerk & arsehole but want to build good will and strong customer relationships. * A powerful sales conversion secret David Ogilvy discovered in the 1940’s (when working in the movie business) that can work even better for online businesses today. * An ingenious lead gen trick used by the world’s largest TV ministry (beamed into some 20-30 million households per day for the last 40 years) to rake in more revenue than they know what to do with... and without without begging (if anything they literally mock beggars), fundraisers, passing plates, or emotionally blackmailing people. * The startling discovery behind the most profitable marketing “funnel” that has probably ever been invented. * Why our Chief software developer Pedro (a true savant whose used his coding skills to build a platform for brain cancer research at a major university, if that tells you something...) refuses to code with so-called AI. (If anything, our business that has done over 400% growth in the last year, is hiring MORE developers even as everyone else is foolishly firing their teams to “save money.”) * A shrewd secret for growing a better and more responsive email list used by Old Testament farmers to grow better and more abundant crops. * The controversial “F-bomb” secret behind the enormous success of some of the most successful brands in history. (Including from beloved children TV hosts/authors like Mister Rogers and Dr. Seuss... to the most reviled church on the planet, polarizing filmmakers, late night talk show hosts and more. If they are/were big, chances are they did this F-bomb trick hardly any online businesses do.) * Advice to frustrated freelance copywriters who see clients doing dumb shyt all the time that only makes your job harder and response lower. * Ten people to study and model for World-Building to create a business people love to enter and hate to leave. (In my experience you will learn far more about growing a business observing these 10 people - many who aren’t/weren’t even “businesses” - than you will from some goo-roo prancing around a seminar stage or mastermind room.) * Insider secrets for potentially making more sales & more profits by NOT using 1-click upsells. * Why obsessing over direct marketing jargon like LTV, CPL, CPA, CPC, CTR, CAC... is a recipe for frustration, churn, & failure. (And what my businesses do that can create far more joy, peace of mind, and, yes, consistent cash flow.) * The “tyranny of metrics” phenomenon that can cause otherwise brilliant brands to make colossally stupid decisions, piss off all their customers, and even outright collapse almost overnight! * Why “selling the click” in emails (like spammers all do) is amateur hour at best... and what works far better to make sales, grow relationships, and create life time customers. * Why you should be ultra-skeptical of any SaaS offer that is NOT a subscription model. (Screw it. I might as well just give this one away here: People bitch & moan about subscriptions... but all them new development features, updates, and bug fixes ain’t gonna pay for themselves. Avoid cheapskates if you sell software, and everyone will be happier - including people who DON’T buy because it’s an “oh noes!” subscription.) * How to potentially create a customer base so rabid and “in heat” to support your business that cheerfully and aggressively refers almost everyone they know to you. * Why the vast majority of “name” goo-roos you see are not that great of marketers... just great at building audiences. (No need to take my word for it, simply observe them - especially the ones shilling so-called AI suddenly. It’s not like they hide this fact. More on this inside.) * How to make a bundle of new sales by deliberately NOT spending a lot of time on launch strategy, sales copy, emails, or campaigns. * A totally “counterintuitive” way one of my businesses uses to recruit the best affiliates in our network (Including one who recently put in over 500+ new members into our $1,000 up front, $100/month offer recently, with a couple more seriously interested who could very well dwarf that. You do the math...) * How to help figure out what business you are “really” in to create long term wealth far beyond what you ever could dream of now. Something to know before reading further: This inner game approach I teach inside has been used by everyone from Trump and Walt Disney to companies like Subway and Starbucks. We’ve been using it, for example, in our software business to be on track to make more cash flow/sales over the next 5 years than from the offers we sell in the company. If you do nothing but read, understand, and apply this, it can pay for literally 100 YEARS of your Email Players subscription. No joke, and no exaggeration. This is the #1 most profitable thing I have ever learned (from Dan Kennedy). And I am passing it on to those who read the October Email Players issue. To subscribe in time while you still can go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA