# TV shows that’ll put some copywriting hairs on that sizzle chest

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 22 Jul 2025 00:44:55 +0000
**ID:** 1982f9750e89bf83
---

Email Players subscriber Kartikey Gupta once asked a dayem fine question: “Ben, if you were in your 20s - what would you read more? Which movies/shows would you watch? (if any) I know you've said in your emails you'd rather read & go to the gym than sit in front of a television. Apart from this, which other activities do you recommend to keep the brain engaged and active in leisure time?” My answer: Lots and lots and lots of walking. It’s the greatest business and marketing 'secret' I can possibly recommend. Also fill your head with as much info you find interesting as possible. And avoid ALL woke movies/TV of all stripes. Avoid social activist types, too, they’ll bring you nothing but drama and make you dumber. I’d also watch the show “24” for learning sale letter and email pacing. Watch LOST & Fringe for world-building and creating intrigue/curiosity. Watch Seinfeld for infotainment. Watch documentaries (not Netflix documentaries, they're nearly all so backasswards it’s become a trope of itself in recent years) about men who've accomplished great things: “King of Late Night” about Johnny Carson, “Chris Claremont's X-Men” on Amazon about relationship-building, “Eye of the Beholder art of Dungeons and Dragons” about craftsmanship and branding, and the Special Effects Titan documentary about Ray Harryhausen for creating drama, developing craftsmanship, storytelling, World-Building, product design, and a lot of other things I teach. There are more and I may not have exact titles accurate above, but they are on Amazon. That’s a very short answer to a question I could write a book of its own on. But I daresay the above is more than enough to keep people busy for a while. I mention a lot of my influences in my Villains books. Especially when it comes to the art & craft of persuasion. More on those books here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/villains Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA