# This is what I call a “slacker-rich” environment

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 15 May 2025 11:44:35 +0000
**ID:** 196d3c2cd175ffc1
---

Today through Sunday I’m having a sale on my most popular book: "Copy Slacker" It’s easily one of the fattest books I sell, too - clocking in at over 800 pages. So it's definitely not for those plagued with TikTok brain or who sound digitally vaxxed due to being terminally online worshipping fapGPT and hitting on their AI girlfriends all day. It’s also one of the most expensive books I sell. too. But, to take a lot of the “sting” out of that price, I am offering it at a hearty discount until Sunday, May 18 at midnight EDT. Details here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/slacker Use code: ROPER at the checkout. Make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle P.S. Email Players subscriber Jameel Paul wrote this about it: === Hey Ben, I've had a deadline and have been a bit stressed about finishing this sales letter on time. But today I pulled out Copy Slacker and followed your five steps. I went from a blank page to a completed first draft on the same day (research was already done). 4k words and 23 pages. The best thing about it was that I actually HAD FUN when I was writing this sales letter! Copy Slacker is a great product. I should have implemented it sooner. Would have saved me literally MONTHS. === More here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/slacker Use code: ROPER at the checkout. Make sure you see the price change before entering your info. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA