# Legendary ad man’s advice for taking no shyt from clients

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 09 May 2025 16:44:37 +0000
**ID:** 196b5f05a6f5d6a7
---

More Mad Men era wisdom for client-management from the agency business below. Agency guy Walter Bregman has talked about how back in those days, agencies were notorious for FIRING far more clients than they lost. And if they lost or fired a client the attitude was, “Well, better go out and find a new one then” as opposed to holding endless meetings to try to woo the low class ones back. And it reminds me of the legendary David Ogilvy’s: “Rules for respect in business” He wrote it in 1968 for the managers at his Ogilvy & Mather agency’s worldwide offices. And the rule I dig on most with it is: “In meeting with clients, do not assume the posture of servants. They need you as much as you need them.” Mad Men era agency pioneer Leo Burnett was even more hardcore about it. Guy would walk into a meeting of filthy rich, snooty executives and call them “boys and girls” to lower their status a few notches, and make it clear without any posturing whatsoever their titles and nepotism-granted ranks/job didn’t hold jack squat with him. They were going to do it his way or find a lesser agency to work with. Back to Ogilvy’s rule: Around the same time I first read Ogilvy’s above rule many years ago, I took a concealed carry class from one of the world’s top instructors (according to the NRA, and thousands of military and law enforcement professionals he’s trained). And I was floored by not only what he was teaching, but how he taught. I took as many pages and pages of written notes on his teaching techniques as I did the info he taught about firearms, if that tells you something. Anyway, this guy’s classes are routinely sold out. And his trainings are booked out months in advance. He also competes with at least a few dozen others in the small county I was living in. But, while they all struggle for for business he always has more than he can handle. (Having to take months off at a time just to get a break). His secret to having all these clients? Well, there’s his knowledge, true. And his incredibly sharp infotaining style of teaching. But, that doesn’t explain how he gets complete strangers who have never heard of him before practically begging to sign up. No, he does something else. Something I believe anyone — especially freelancers and coaches — can do. Something that worked like gangbusters for me when I was freelancing. And what, pray tell, is that magic, you ask? It’s something I explain in detail on page 11 inside: “Mad Men Copywriting Secrets” I originally gifted it to Email Players subscribers last year (to celebrate the newsletter’s 150th issue). And it’s an oversized (in physical size and word count) issue that exists outside the continuity of the main issues — and contains some of my favorite of those old Mad Men methods. It’s also something I’m making available for sale to the masses, along with an extremely valuable bonus (see the PS below) until tonight, Friday 5/9 at midnight EDT. Anyway, you can learn more about it here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/madmen Ben Settle P.S. As for the bonus, it’s called: "The Swipestream Vol 1” A few of the tips inside include: * How to get your prospect’s friends and family to help your ads make more sales for your business — all totally on the sneak, and without them even knowing it’s happening much less them pestering you to pay for their help.) * A comicbook-style ad (you can easily find on Google) that is a near perfect template for emails, sales letters, lead gen ads, and just about any other kind of direct response marketing.) * A 3-word cheat sheet for writing a near perfect sales pitch! (These 3 words are like a copywriting “course” unto themselves. And I learned it by accident some 20 years ago while digging around for copywriting tricks used by Gary Halbert and John Carlton. I’ve since used it to pen some of my most successful controls, emails, and other ads.) * A copywriting research secret straight from necrophilia underworld on Reddit where people talk about diddling skeletons. (Warning: This will absolutely gross you out, but it can also absolutely make your business a lot of sales.) * How to package offensive ideas in a way that still sells to the easily offended. * The Beavis & Butthead secret to selling to snooty professionals and snobs who think their shyt doesn’t stink. (I learned this from the great Paul Hartunian who’d get his crazy press releases read by Ivy League educated reporters — giving him millions in free publicity. And I have found it works just as well in emails and other sales copy, too.) And that’s just a small sip. You can read more of what’s inside at the link. Also, very important: You’ll need a smart phone or iPad to access this bonus. So keep that in mind before buying this offer if you want this bonus. Here’s the link again: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/madmen This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA