# The tyranny of metrics

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 09 May 2025 21:45:15 +0000
**ID:** 196b7038777b89ea
---

A book I think all direct marketers & copywriters should read, study, understand is called: “The Tyranny of Metrics” It’s not about not tracking or utilizing metrics. It’s about not letting them control your every decision, and the destructive (even deadly — yes, people die, suffer, and experience great pain due to metrics, as the book proves…) fallout that happens nearly every day due to this. Happens in business, too. Especially to “marketers” and BECAUSE of marketers. Mad Men agency guy Walter Bregman saw this decades before the commercialization of the internet. In fact, below is what he said in the interview in Mad Men Copywriting Secrets when asked what changed the agency business into a parody of what it was when agencies used to do sales record-breaking advertising, solved real problems, and legitimately improved lives compared to today’s corporate sock-puppet level advertising. It’s quite telling if you examine it closely: === WALTER BREGMAN: …Well, first of all, it was a autonomous. You had Leo Burnett. You had a Fairfax Cone. You had Norman B. Norman. I mean, these were companies owned by, run by the guy whose name was on the door. On the West Coast, you had Dailey and Associates. You had people who ran the business. Well, when they went public, suddenly Wall Street and the people were involved. I can remember Leo many times, and I’m sure Fax Cone said the same thing, or Ray Rubicam or any of these guys. “Just do good advertising and the money will follow.” That’s what he said. Today, if you lose an account, you get a call from Morgan Stanley or someone and says: “Well, how many people are you firing?” “What’s your people per million?” “What’s going to happen to your billing?” “How are you going to solve that problem?” === In another interview Walter did 22 years ago with Dan Kennedy he put it like this about metrics: (About modern advertising and, I would argue, direct marketing) “When the penalty for failure outweighs the rewards of success, the result is mediocrity” Everything is based on the safe play what “metrics” (often someone else’s metrics at that) say or show. Everything is done now by committee of people who are terrified of being blamed so play it safe. And every client thinks they are a copywriting expert or, worse, farms it off to fapGPT to save money or because they bought into the lie that if they don’t use it it they’re gonna be left behind like the digital grove worshippers chant in unison. The stupidity is piled so high you need a space ship to stay above it. And the reason is, in large part, the tyranny of metrics. Letting metrics guide the decision, instead of the market and, even more specifically (as the great Gene Schwartz wrote in his Breakthrough Advertising book), the market’s unique product/timing relationship. No metric can solve that problem. But humanity and empathy only a human can tease out of the market can. These Mad Men copywriters helped create billion dollar brands people still recognize today over half a century later, and even describe entire product categories with. (When I was growing up, nobody said, “tissue” they said “Kleenex” and nobody said “soda” they said “Coke”, etc.) That’s not an accident or result of mere “metrics.” Anyway, do whatever you think is right, of course, for your business. But if you want the Mad Men approach then you might check out: “Mad Men Copywriting Secrets” I originally gifted it to Email Players subscribers last year (to celebrate the newsletter’s 150th issue). And it’s an oversized (in physical size and word count) issue that exists outside the continuity of the main issues — and contains some of my favorite of those old Mad Men methods. It’s also something I’m making available for sale to the masses, along with an extremely valuable bonus (see the PS below) until tonight, Friday 5/9 at midnight EDT. Anyway, you can learn more about it here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/madmen Ben Settle P.S. As for the bonus, it’s called: "The Swipestream Vol 1” A few of the tips inside include: * A sneaky way to use women (and in a way even the most cranky of feminists won't be offended by) in your advertising to help ramp up your sales… and without them having to dress like hoes or show any cleavage, skin, or sex appeal whatsoever. * Is there a near perfect offer to back end sell? (I believe there is, and this ditty I learned from one of the world’s top conversion experts is just that.) * An old TV preacher’s secret to getting listeners to send him lots of money literally on command and without mentioning hellfire, blessings, or even God. (His fans behaved almost like trained seals. And while I never cared much for the guy, I can’t argue with how well this ballsy method for raising funds worked.) * By FAR the fastest way I’ve ever used to get lots of qualified leads onto my email list, and that just about anyone else can do. * What the Bible teaches about defeating burnout and managing your energy and creativity. * An ingenious copywriting technique I learned directly from one of the world’s top A-list copywriters that feels like information content to your prospects but, really, it is pure selling. (I use this nearly every day in my emails, on social media, in my content, in my sales letters, and the list goes on. Easily one of the most profitable copywriting secrets I’ve ever learned and now I pass it on to you…) * A clever way to use the FTC and other alphabet agency rules to make your sales copy more engaging, responsive, and profitable. And that’s just a small sip. You can read more of what’s inside at the link. Also, very important: You’ll need a smart phone or iPad to access this bonus. So keep that in mind before buying this offer if you want this bonus. Here’s the link again: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/madmen This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA