# I don’t like anything new

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 26 Nov 2025 15:45:13 +0000
**ID:** 19ac0d81513e104e
---

Your pal & daily email horror host has been accused many times of being a “luddite.” Which I think, really, is not very fair. “Luddite” doesn’t even BEGIN to describe me, and falls way short. Although I do own a couple software companies, so there's that, at least. But the "prototype" for my way of thinking and successfully doing business as a supposed luddite regardless of today's volatile technological change is: Ralph “Papa” Thorson in the movie “The Hunter”. It was Steve McQueen’s last movie. And the story was also based on a real life guy who was a modern day bounty hunter. In the movie Papa is a 50-year old guy who is way behind on technology and only getting older, slower, and more out of touch with the times each day. Yet, he always gets his man when given an assignment to bring someone in by applying relentless almost machine-like consistency vs brute force. Papa’s pregnant woman Dotty (20-years younger than him) even complains about his contempt for new: DOTTY: You ought to let your hair grow out. It looked a lot better when it was longer. PAPA: I’m too old for that. DOTTY: You like old things. That’s all you care about. You don’t like anything that’s new. PAPA: New things are no good. That is a nearly identical conversation Stefania (Millennial, easily distracted by new) and myself (Gen X, longing for the internet to go back to being plain text) have almost every week, it seems, lately, which got me to thinking about this. Again, I highly suggest watching the movie. Papa's format - his unique way of doing business - may be old fashioned, just as his job as a bounty hunter was old fashioned. But he was good at it, did business HIS way, and had people competing to hire him and pay him lots of money because he had such a high success rate and bringing people in. Ain’t no different today in the world of constantly-changing business & technology. I talk more about this inside the December Email Players issue. The younger boys & ghouls'll probably lack the experience or desire for wisdom to benefit from any of it, because all they want is new, exciting, and bright-shiny-objecty. That's why they are always chasing nonsense and FOMO. There is nothing "new." Nor has there been since Moses came down the mountain and said "I got Him down to 10!" So that is my prediction. More about what’s inside the December issue specifically in the P.S. below. Otherwise, you can subscribe before the deadline here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s what awaits you inside the December Email Players issue: * Unusual tips for creating your first digital product when you’re not sure what to sell, not sure if anyone will want what you sell, or not sure if your ideas are even likely to sell. * The trick to positioning your brand as a trusted authority worthy of listening to & buying from right from the get-go. * A quickie, “idiot’s guide” to creating a marketing funnel if you’re not sure what to do, where to begin, or who to listen to. * How one-man-band businesses can stand out even as the “AI email avalanche” continues to create more and more noise and inbox clutter. * The ingenious Gene Schwartz trick (based on neurophysiology research of his day) for turning stray brain farts into world class headlines, subject lines, story lines, bullets/fascinations, even entire offers. * What email copywriters who insist on using generative so-called AI should know about Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail and other inbox services. * The shrewd creativity trick I’ve been using for over 20 years to generate nearly unlimited profitable ideas for emails, sales copy, books, newsletters, and marketing campaigns across multiple businesses. * A surprisingly effective headline-writing technique (used by writers of the New York Post and other popular rags) you can watch in a popular Bugs Bunny cartoon on YouTube. * Advice to struggling copywriters that can help you almost immediately extract more joy (and profit) from your work. * An insanely profitable (but definitely NOT easy to pull off) secret found in Robert Greene’s “33 Strategies of War” for potentially making more sales in a few months than you probably would in 10+ years otherwise. (I’ve done this 3 times. And while I can say it worked to almost spooky degree, it can also literally take years off your life if you’re easily stressed, rattled by uncertainty, or burned out.) * A strange - but true - way to “leap frog” over the time, frustration, & uncertainty phase of creating high-priced offers that can potentially sell like hotcakes to your list. * A bizarre method (taught by the late A-list actor Steve McQueen towards the end of his life) for having almost supernatural levels productivity. * How to become so “emotionally one” with your prospects that you can know almost exactly what they want to buy with potentially near-pinpoint precision. (And without having to twist around with endless pre-testing, surveys, or even asking them.) * The “mask of influence” secret (perfect for hardcore introverts) used by Johnny Carson to help him become one of the richest & most celebrated brands of his day. * Some raw and unfiltered thoughts about how to build equity in a solo business. (Including how I approach doing it in my own company.) * What you absolutely must do first (assuming you don’t want to lose a ton of customers, at least) to safely convert a digital membership model into a print newsletter model like mine. * What to do if your email copywriting game is tight but your promos keep flopping left and right. * A “switch” you can flip in your brain that can help protect yourself from withering burnout. * What I’m teaching my own flesh-and-blood son about how to have as consistently high physical, mental, and creative energy levels as possible. * One thing almost all people who tend to live longer do that almost all people who tend to die early don’t. To get your hot little hands on this issue before the deadline go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA