# Do not read this if you’re easily grossed-out

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 18 Sep 2025 14:44:57 +0000
**ID:** 1995d4af6ea14f5c
---

Following is an admittedly disturbing persuasion lesson from the Book of Judges. The end of the book tells a story that happened not long after Israel first seized the Promised Land about a wandering Levite (the religious and ritual caretaker tribe of ancient Israel) and how his concubine was viciously raped to death by some deviants who lived amongst the tribe of Benjamin. The Levite understandably wanted justice. But due to how much the tribe of Benjamin in whose land the crime happened had fallen into moral corruption and deviancy - literally to the point it was said nobody had ever seen that kind of violence - he knew he had to do something radical to get attention and justice. So what did he do? Beg for help? Wrangle up a posse? Make a bulleted list of all the benefits to the community of destroying these evil rapists? No. He was a much more savvy salesman than that. What this guy did was, he cut his concubine’s corpse into 12 pieces. And then… sent a piece to the leaders of each of the 12 tribes of Israel! Now that’s IMPACT, baby. There was certainly no ignoring the message. There were also no objections, no questions, and no hemming & hawing. Just quick and direct action taken, that resulted in a violent and bloody civil war nearly wiping out the entire tribe of Benjamin (who refused to give up the murdering rapists) - whose fighting men population had already been unnaturally cut nearly in half by that time since entering the Promised Land about 20-40 years earlier - and probably at least in part from joining in on the very deviancy God told them to cleanse the land of in the first place. Something else: It’s also an example of a powerful persuasion method I teach about Vision in my book: “NOfluence” A method that can help give people almost no choice but to buy from your business. That doesn’t mean everyone will buy. But as sure as God made little green apples… it can help put them odds more strongly in your business's favor. Possibly with far less (and maybe no) objections. And, also, sometimes without needing to enumerate a bunch of benefits or claims whatsoever. Very powerful stuff. During this week's sale (until tomorrow, Friday, 9/19 at midnight EDT) you can have it at a $120.00 discount (so for $480.00 instead of $600.00) off the listed price at the link below. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/nofluence Use code AZRIEL at the checkout (where it says “add referral code” under the price) for the discount. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA