# Strangled by the slime-tentacled email feature creep

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 10 Jun 2025 19:45:23 +0000
**ID:** 1975b60c8996d80f
---

Let's talk about something truly evil called: "The Feature Creep" It's a plague upon the SaaS world - especially in email sending platforms. In fact, count how many of the following your email broadcasting/autoresponder is guilty of: * Too much focus on “clever” gimmicks - and too little focus on clean, fast, & easy * Too many features nobody cares about - that only make the things people do care about overly complex… to the point where they don’t even get used and just slow things down for everyone, strangling your sales * Very limited control over who you can block - they all let you block by email address, but not necessarily by country, keywords, IP address, device ID, phone number, and other proprietary ways to keep the junk leads off in the first place and keeping your list clean and email delivery rates high * No intelligence for the 80/20 - they don’t remember what you always do to make the process of selling with email and setting up automations faster, easier, and less tedious or complex… forcing you to navigate multiple screens, tick multiple boxes, click multiple places every time * Terrible copy/paste interactions with zero intelligence or logic - that looks like it was cobbled together by programmers & developers who don’t sell with email, and not by marketers & entrepreneurs whose businesses live and die by email * Ridiculously complex auto-responders, campaign builders, and sequences that are painfully difficult to learn and rarely work as advertised - even for guys like my business partner in SaaS Troy with advanced scientific training and API-level software programming knowledge * Clunky email builders - which is literally the one thing they SHOULD all get right if nothing else, but rarely is, with some of the best systems having the worst email builders * Not practical for power users - catering to businesses who rarely mail and who do all their marketing on social media * Not designed for touch-typists and writers - where everything looks like it was designed to make their programmers’ lives easier, and not make the end users’ lives easier * Many of them are starting to jump into the cancel culture game if one of their employees or managers dislikes a client’s politics - and often without warning, and sometimes even while deleting or withholding the cancelled client’s data I hear. Not to mention the abysmal customer service. Or the never-ending series of needless updates that only make their platforms more complicated, less user-friendly, and infested with “feature bloat” slowing everything down to a crawl. The above are just a few reasons we created BerserkerMail. The story on the sales page happened just as it is written, too: I was sitting in a wine bar with Troy Broussard (former Navy Nuclear Engineer & Executive Director of Technology for Encyclopedia Brittanica-turned world-renown email automation specialist who was testing/tracking/automating as many as 50 million emails per month in his consultant days) and we got to talking about all the things that annoyed the hell out of us about the major email service providers in the market, and started talking about what we’d do if we designed our own. The result: A couple years later we launched BerserkerMail. Our platform is created BY email marketers who use email day in, and day out to our own businesses. And when I say “we” I don’t just mean myself & my business partner Troy Broussard. I am also talking about our COO Nicole English & head helpdesk guy Lance Hunt (both Email Players subscribers who "get" email) and even the attorney we consult and who created our BerserkerMail guidelines and whose book on keeping email copy legally compliant we give to new clients: Email Players subscriber & BerserkerMail client Mike Young. The platform can help get more of your business' emails delivered to the inbox and out of spam/junk/promotions tabs if you are sending emails people want to read selling offers they want to buy. It can also help make the process of loading & sending emails virtually frictionless. The interface alone makes email a lot simpler. And, thus, can make one more likely to want to send more emails. Which can help make your business more sales. Which can then help beget more emails, more engagement, more sales. In fact, BerserkerMail client Robin Timmers recently said this about the platform: === Hey Ben, So as of today, I've abandoned the ActiveCampaign ship and am fully aboard the BerserkerMail ship. Your service team has been of amazing help, and that alone will make me a customer for life – if it's up to me. I can see myself using Learnistic and ContraCart eventually too, just because of the excellent service I've gotten. Apart from that: BerserkerMail is everything I hoped for. It's awesome. Even that much so, that just by sending 10 Warmup Campaign emails I've gotten tons of engagement, replies and strengthened the relationship with my list. You and all the other guys and girls behind BerserkerMail have build something incredible. === You can see it all for yourself, free, here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/berserker Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA