# Bad ass character headlines

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 28 Aug 2025 13:44:49 +0000
**ID:** 198f0edae2270a3f
---

Recently I mentioned the "genius copywriter nobody knows" Ken McCarthy. And, specifically, the off-the-cuff email he sent me that is single best headline training I’d ever seen. I’ve spent the last nearly 25 years and literally tens of thousands of dollars cumulatively on various copywriting training, books, courses, and other products, and like to think I’ve got a good grasp on the subject. But Ken's zinger topped them all with lots of ideas I hadn’t ever thought of. In this case, he analyzed an insanely responsive headline (did 5x the average direct mail response) I wrote last year. And one of the things he talked about in that email is how I created an instant “character” that basically cut through all the noise, distractions, and “oh great, another bull shyt claim for a financial offer” response people on such lists have. As Ken put it (about the character featured in the headline): “The headline created an instant character and one who is instantly telegraphed a serious No BS dude. . . Holy f***! Does it get any more serious and badass than that? Why would you not lead the hell out of that? Not only are we hooked by the cliffhanger, we’ve already got a specific and compelling guy in our heads and we’re waiting to hear what he has to say. And all this happened in a few words in the headline.” Again, none of this was consciously thought of when I wrote it. I was thinking more along the lines of including a huge proof element. ala the great Gary Bencivenga’s teachings that made him the best in the game. But now I realize it went way beyond a proof element and tapped into something quite different. It is, in fact, the exact same thing that made some of my most profitable headlines going back 17 or so years ago also pop with persuasion, influence, tease, and power - including an ad I wrote that was if not THE most responsive ever written in its industry, was definitely one of them. Admittedly, I have no idea how to track that - other than my client was the biggest in that particular industry at that time. And we had a strategy that tapped into what Ken articulated. A strategy we used in a lot of that client’s ads. A strategy that Ken made me think a lot more about beyond the surface level. All of this is talked about - along with Ken’s headline breakdown email, and several of these exact headlines - up in the September Email Players issue. If you want to learn how to write “bad ass character” headlines like this, then the September issue can serve as a good starting point from which you can build, grow, and maybe even surpass what I and others who do this have achieved. I would consider this one tip alone the great equalizer for writing headlines. A lot of offers can be written around this sort of thing with enough research. Including otherwise “plain vanilla” offers. You can read a lot more about what’s inside in the PS down yonder in this email. But to subscribe before the deadline (when I send the list in to the printer) go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s what awaits you inside the September Email Players issue: * Sneaky psychological tactics I used to write the headline for one of the single most profitable sales letters ever run in the history of the self defense niche. * A headline secret used by the billionaire newspaper tycoon William Randolph Hearst (that John Caples also secretly used, too) that can help you exponentially amp up your ad or email readership, response, and, if you have a good offer... sales. * An ingenious way (used by certain, very savvy public speakers to seize a large room full of peoples’ attention) to write headlines for getting people to “lean in” to read your sales pitches. * An old timey day copywriter’s trick for pre-testing your headline’s power without showing it to anyone, without getting any critiques, and without guessing, wondering, or agonizing over it. * A surprisingly profitable headline technique from the movie “Citizen Kane” that can help even a rank amateur write headlines that stand out from anything else their prospect is being distracted by. * The headline trick of a kooky old newspaper space ad genius (who once got jailed for his writing!) for making your ads stand out head & shoulders from practically anything else on the internet, the inbox, social media, or anywhere else. * An example of how to write “bad ass” headlines - where prospects literally might think, “what a bad ass!” and have a hard time not reading the rest of your copy just to see what it’s about. (This won’t lend itself to every ad you write, and your milage may vary - but every time I do it never seems to fail.) * The strange (but 100% proven) secret for getting a higher response to your ads... by deliberately NOT going through the product or using the service you’re selling. (I doubt even a single copywriting “guru” will approve of this - but I have done it many times, including in a recent direct mail test that got exceptionally hight response.) * Two “stealth” emotions (most copywriters don’t even realize ARE emotions... they’ve been so brainwashed by horse shyt) to wrench on in your headlines, subject lines, and content titles to help nab higher response & sales. * The best (and totally free) place I’ve ever used to get genuinely useful copywriting critiques. * A red flag that can help you almost instantly know if a chest-pounding copywriting goo-roo you want to learn or buy from is just talking out of his arse. * A word-for-word email one of my all-time favorite copywriters (who has gotten “fan mail” from guys like Dan Kennedy and Gary Bencivenga, if that tells you something) sent me about how to knock out headlines that can double, triple, maybe even quadruple your response. (I DEFY anyone - newbie or seasoned pro - to read what he said and not write far more profitable headlines the very first time you use it.) * Psychological “triggers” that can help make it almost neurologically impossible to ignore your headlines - even when competing against 1,000+ other click-bait headlines fighting for your prospect’s attention. . * The shrewd “anti-NLP” headline secret (used by both David Ogilvy and Gary Halbert) for helping you get near instant focus from prospects reading your ads or emails. * How Mel Martin (the “King of Fascinations” whose alter many of the best A-list direct mail copywriters who ever lived have worshipped at) penned some of the most insanely profitable headlines in copywriting history - and often without using promises, claims, benefits, or any silly “click-bait”-like appeals. * NON-legal advice (let the record show, Your Honor) for health offer copywriters who want to write headlines that work like gangbusters while also helping keep your ads off Big Brother’s radar. * A clever way to use Facebook to help you see if a headline idea has any “legs” without spending any money or running any ads on there. * One of simplest and most effective “pattern interrupts” you can use in advertising headlines right now. (Not just sales letter headlines, but email subject lines, article titles, book titles, and more.) * How to shut the yap of the Doubting Thomas in every prospect’s brain - who’s whispering in his ear, trying to determine if he should read the rest of your ad or not. * What I learned about writing headlines after a short (and private - not recorded) conversation with one of the greatest A-list copywriters who ever lived. * The “feral” headline secret that can help make plain vanilla offers sound more exciting and exotic. * A neat little trick you can use in your headlines that is nearly guaranteed to get more attention & possibly response - even from prospect’s who would otherwise ignore you! (This “thing” can also work wonders in other parts of your ads and emails, too - especially in subject lines, stories, offers, CTA’s, and bullets.) * Three words used in a LOT of sales copy and emails these days (I even have to catch and stop myself from using them at times) that are like “fed bait.” (I had to pay several thousand dollars in fees to an attorney to learn this bit I share inside.) Go ye here to subscribe to the paid Email Players newsletter before the deadline: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA