# How to persuade someone to drink yellow water from a McDonalds toilet

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 19 Sep 2025 14:44:48 +0000
**ID:** 199627052889818a
---

A while back I read a book called: “Spy Secrets That Can Save Your Life” It’s by ex-CIA agent-turned-direct-marketer Jason Hanson. And after going to his site right after finishing the book, I proceeded to drop nearly $700 on various products he sells that I will very likely (hopefully - at least) never have to use, but that I just couldn’t resist not having, and that I am glad I own just in case. Including several water filters. But not just any ol’ water filters. These filters are said to be able to make even the most vile and contaminated water drinkable - including drinking a stranger’s pee right out of a McDonald’s bathroom toilet! And the only reason I believed that claim is because… Jason has a video showing him using his own filters do just that. It’s just about the most nasty, ungodly, and utterly disgusting thing I ever done saw. Yet I couldn’t look away… And while I am not going to be testing that feature out myself any time soon (like Tommy Callahan’s dad in the movie “Tommy Boy” said when selling auto parts without a guarantee, “….you can get a good look at a t-bone by sticking your head up a bull’s ass, but I’d rather take the butcher’s word for it”…) it certainly sold me when no amount of persuasive copy, salesmanship, marketing, or offer gimmicks would have left even a dent in my psyche. All of which brings me to my book on sale today “NOfluence.” It teaches the principle behind what makes that video work. It’s also what can help prompt people to want to buy very expensive offers they never heard of from a business they’ve never heard of until five minutes earlier, including when no easy way to demonstrate it is practical, and can only be done via words. (i.e., emails, sales copy, etc) And it’s something that very few marketers, copywriters, business people use well. Yet, it’s probably the single most reliable and powerful way to sell ever invented. I certainly have never seen or used a better way of selling. And you can learn all about it in “NOfluence.” During this week's sale (until tonight Friday, 9/19 at midnight EDT) you can have it at a $120.00 discount (so for $480.00 instead of $600.00) off the listed price at the link below. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/nofluence Use code AZRIEL at the checkout (where it says “add referral code” under the price) for the discount. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA