# A loathsome, offensive brute of a blatant pitch... yet I can’t look away

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 31 Jul 2025 11:45:01 +0000
**ID:** 198604e2e7b78af3
---

Today’s the deadline to subscribe to Email Players in time for the milestone 14-year anniversary issue. Here’s what’s inside: * The ingenious stand up comedian secret for knowing if humor, entertainment, and infotainment-value in your emails and other marketing is any good before you send or show it to anyone. * A direct marketing trick used by FedEx (and that be adapted to nearly all your direct marketing and content, sales copy, emails, videos, audios, whatever you use...) that can help nearly business create a far more rabid & engaged customer base. * Leo Burnett’s (one of the first “Mad Men” advertisers) shrewd secret to whipping up insanely engaging & profitable product names/titles. * A sneaky tactic used by Fred Rogers (i.e., “Mister Rogers”) with his Daniel the Tiger puppet that can help make your offers stand out head & shoulders from everyone else you compete against. * How to put your own “artist’s signature” on offers to help leads know it’s from you and not some idiot copycat. (Not literally talking about signing your offers - this approach is something far more dramatic, and brilliant creators like Alfred Hitchcock, for example, did a version of what I teach inside.) * How Walt Disney - a notorious procrastinator and dreamer - tricked his brain into getting nearly supernatural amounts of work done. * A strangely under-talked about secret used by Gene Schwartz for creating engaging & profitable comicbook-style ads. (I don’t know if he ever created a comic strip ad, but he mentioned the format in his Breakthrough Advertising book... and I’ve been using something he taught in just two sentences to bang out all kinds of comicbook-style ads since 2019.) * The business World-Building method I learned from studying famous explorers Lewis & Clark that has created not only a lot of sales but peace of mind when growing my business over the years. * A word-for-word teaching (directly from one of the single best direct response designers working today) about evoking response, engagement, and sales from direct mail. (And before you even ask... yes, what this design genius says can also be used online.) * A secret long-known by art historians for creating visually disruptive and literally spooky-effective product, website, and other designs for your business. (This secret admittedly won’t work for every business and offer - but if it does for yours, it’s something you can certainly think about and play with to get lots of engagement and, also, probably some laughs, too.) * Why even the hardcore capitalist business owners who despise communism should study biographies of radical left-wing politicians & activists. (Hint: there are many marketing-related reasons why they were able to seize all the reigns of power over the past 50+ years with their ideological enemies cheering it on!) * The folk horror secret to creating product cover, website, opt-in page, and other designs that are “pregnant” with lots of intrigue, engagement, and, if you do it right, sales power. * Anatomy of the single most profitable product title I have ever created (and it’s not even a product I created or sell... but it’s a perfect example of how a TITLE alone can potentially swell a business up with all kinds of new customers and sales.) * The exact advice I recently gave a customer about how to make your product names harder to rip off, swipe, or steal even with so-called AI. * A real life example of how to use an “irksome” headline style to potentially force a whole lot more attention on your sales pages. * A “Dan Kennedy-approved” (well, he told me he liked it when I showed him an example of how I did it, at least) of how I did it, at least) example of how to use internet memes in your product designs. And that’s just the beginning. Since this is the Milestone 14-year anniversary issue of Email Players I am also gifting subscribers an extremely valuable bonus that, while not necessarily the “best” writing I have ever done, it is certainly the most important - and that I spent more time writing than I do many full length books. It is called: “Email Players Annual #4: After School Special” It’s a letter written to my son Willis containing the most important advice I can ever give him (in case I up and croak on him early) about business, marketing, health, money, and even nabbing an insanely loyal, ride or die wife. Some of the secrets inside this 64-page annual includes: * A shrewd marketing formula invented by a consultant who used to advise the government on how to create propaganda. * A slick negotiation technique that can help “flip the script” in the sociosexual marketplace so women chase you instead of you chasing them. * What to do to your light bulbs that can not only help you get better, deeper, and more restful sleep… but also wake up more energetic, alert, and ready to “do battle” in the morning. * An “under-the-radar” (they don’t exactly teach in business school) trick used by some of the greatest leaders, politicians, and businessmen in history to help get people to cheerfully want to throw new business, opportunities, and cash flow at you. * The #1 trick for falling asleep almost as soon as your head hits the pillow - yes, even if you toss, turn, and stare at the ceiling wide awake each night now! * Money advice inspired by an eccentric golf guru I’ve used for nearly two decades to stay out of debt, buy ownership in multiple businesses with cash, and enjoy a lot more financial peace of mind in today’s volatile economy. * A cash flow technique pioneered by the late businessman Earl Nightingale that can potentially help you escape nearly any kind of financial emergency - especially when you’re desperate, terrified, and the “wolves” at your door demanding to be paid NOW. * A secret way to use an ordinary smart phone to help optimize your blood sugar, circulation, calorie burn, ability to fight off being sick, and have healthier joints, bones, mood, stress levels, and more. * The sleepy, under-known precious metal (NOT gold, silver, copper, platinum, or any of the “usual suspects” you see talked about) that’s by far the most valuable asset you can have in a SHTF (shit-hits-the-fan) economic or even Mad Max-style societal collapse. * Speaking of SHTF scenarios: a simple question you can ask someone to know, potentially with almost 99% certainty, if someone is likely to sell you out. * What is likely THE single cheapest and most potent “pill” ever invented for good health & well being... that needs no prescription, and can probably be acquired nearly anywhere in the world (including countries with shabby healthcare or even no healthcare to speak of.) * A clever strategy used by the banking industry for getting money from people who have none while offering them nothing in return. * How throwing away your sunglasses can be almost like working bona fide miracles on your hormones, energy levels, and mood. * The despised “political prophet” who predicted exactly what the U.S. is experiencing today over 30 years ago… and what he said you can expect to happen in the coming months, years, and decades. * What the “Godfather of personal branding” himself taught about how even rank amateurs can seize the lion’s share of money, engagement, and response in business. * The “anti-attraction” reason why even a lot of rich men who won the genetic lottery in looks are alone, rejected, depressed, even suicidal. * A small “twist” a lot of podcasters (big and small) can put on their funnels that would probably as much as double or even triple their revenue over time if they’re open-minded enough to try it. * How to rid yourself of crippling neediness for women you like that only gives them the so-called “ick” now. * The next best thing to honest-to-goodness “truth serum” for knowing exactly what a woman is thinking, feeling, or plotting no matter how brilliantly she hides her true intentions! * An ancient business secret (found in an old story about the wizard Merlin) that small businesses can use to beat the pants off competitors with better pricing, budget size, sales copy, offers, list quality, brand/name recognition, marketplace positioning, credentials, positioning, influence, audience size, or even value. * Advice from a wise pastor about finding cash flow for something you desperately need without resorting to loans, debt, or having to owe any man anything. * Why one of the best ways for a man to be more successful with women is to try to help them get back together with their ex-boyfriends. * The secret technique I’ve been using for years that can let almost anyone in business go from 0- to 4-figures, 4- to 5-figures, 5- to 6-figures, and, yes, 6- to 7-figures in sales. (It might also let someone take a business from 7- to 8 figures, but I have admittedly not tried...) * Advice to a frustrated and stigmatized Nigerian copywriter who struggles with being taken seriously by clients for no other reason than where he lives. * The dirty little secret big financial newsletter publishers selling some $500 million hedge fund manager’s “system” never tell you. * An almost freakishly profitable copywriting technique old school A-list copywriters would talk to each other about behind closed doors that created whole industries and control ads (and royalties) that’d last for years. * What to eat with every meal that can do wonders for helping optimize your blood sugar, energy levels, and body composition. * The ingenious “forever war” secret you can wage against your competition to (totally legally & ethically) steal the attention, engagement, and even the loyalty & respect of their customers. * The 8-point “get your balls back” protocol for if a woman you love & plan to spend the rest of your life with betrays you, leaves you, or even cheats, divorces, or goes ice cold on you for no reason whatsoever. * Why you should never under ANY circumstance trust your banker! * What a brilliant testosterone health expert & doctor teaches younger men for maximizing higher testosterone levels as you grow older. * The exact program (you might even be able to find on YouTube) I used for getting out from under a mountain of credit card, car note, and student loan debt far faster than almost anyone else I know ever has. * How to be nearly impervious to being knocked off and/or copied/cloned/easily replaced by so-called AI, copycats, pirates, and other assorted cons, criminals, & content burglars. * A stock trading method invented in the 3rd century BC that works even better in the 21st century AD with today’s technology. * The trick to granting yourself “instant energy” whenever you feel sluggish, weak, or lethargic. * How to find, attract, wrangle, and marry a loyal, “ride-or-die” woman. * The two-part way to banish self esteem problems I give young business men when it comes to marketing, copywriting, getting clients, and practically any other business challenges you struggle with. * How to keep your self respect & emotions in check when a woman rejects, ignores, ghosts, or (worse) manipulates and uses you just to get the attention of other men. * What social media “List Laundering” is and how to use it to ramp up your email response & sales. * The sneaky way (certain, very big social media accounts do) the famous movie director Frank Capra used to make himself into one of the richest and most celebrated brands of his time. * A secret direct mail tip found in the New Testament (pioneered by the Apostle Paul) that can help blast up your email campaign response to much higher levels. * How to turn people who have no desire whatsoever to buy anything from you into your own, personal “unwitting” sales force working hard to get you new business. * What I did to “break” a left-wing, feminist-indoctrinated girl boss... and transform her into a submissive, right wing, ride-or-die woman who literally now calls herself... “Genghis Mom.” * And so on, and so forth. There is a lot more. But this email is already nearly 7-pages long. So here’s the deal, Daddy-O: To subscribe in time to get the Milestone 14-year anniversary issue of Email Players plus the Email Players Annual #4: After School Special bonus, there’s no time to lose. When I send the list to the printer today that’ll be it, too late. That means you’re either in or you’re out. If you’re in, use this link immediately: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA