# If you’re going to be stupid, you might as well be smart about it

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 31 Oct 2025 18:44:56 +0000
**ID:** 19a3b96575d6d6fc
---

Came a question about selling so-called AI tools to would-be copywriters: “Is it okay to use AI as a bridge from theory to practice, considering that many of these people simply can’t write or have no time to produce decent copy? Or is this something that might backfire on me or on them down the line? I’m asking because in the future I’d like to create courses that contain 2 parts: 1 - the strategic side plus practical explanations and examples 2 - an AI-supported side for those with poor writing skills and/or very little time” A helluva question to ask a guy like me. The short answer is: I think it will backfire gloriously. And I say that for all kinds of reasons I’ve written about already. My hostility towards generative so-called AI - even for “brainstorming” (much better to sac up and directly brainstorm with your market, instead of with a hallucinating super calculator that is routinely caught literally making data up out of thin air) is not exactly a secret ‘round here. That said: So-called AI courses and training sell like hotcakes at the moment. Everyone is suddenly a so-called AI expert, parroting each others' idiotic talking points fed to them by the companies that shill the technology... much like everyone was suddenly a Google AdWords expert in the early 2000s when PPC came out, or a social media expert in 2008, or a crypto expert in 2017, and the list goes on. Ain’t nothing new under the sun. See an explosion of “experts” in a relatively new technology? You are witnessing “The Grifting” happening in real time. But, for those who insist on selling this shyt, and are gonna do it anyway... then I suggest taking a page from the book of the great Bobby Singer (from the TV show Supernatural) when he said, “if you’re gonna be stupid you might as well be smart about it.” And I give my way of doing just that inside the November Email Players issue. I do not recommend or advocate selling this crap. But, if you’re going to do it, I do give some ideas on how you can do so without going the way of Esau and selling your soul (principles) & birthright (reputation) for a temporary bowl of mush, and maybe potentially even contribute something worthwhile to the world. I don’t know how much of what I say will help those in such a situation. If anything, I suspect it will make people doubt their decision. But who knows? Everyone is different. And FOMO is one helluva drug that creates irrational buying sprees. You can read more about what’s inside in the P.S. below. To subscribe before today’s deadline, go here immediately: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s a look at what is impatiently waiting for you inside the November Email Players issue, assuming you subscribe in time to get it: * Exactly what I’d do to rapidly build & grow an email list today if starting from scratch. * A totally manipulative social dominance technique used by an infamous WW2 Supreme Commander to get what you want from people without having to say a single word. (Use on your clients, and watch what happens!) * What to offer your list if you want to monetize it but don’t yet have anything to sell or plug. The dark, twisted, even outright demonic reason (Gary Halbert unearthed back in the 70’s or 80’s but hardly anyone knows about today) why so many people are fat. * Advice for protecting your IP from being used to “train” so-called AI with. * A clever way to use the mute button on a phone, zoom, or other call to generate insanely profitable headlines, subject lines, stories, bullets, and themes for your ads & emails. * A surprisingly fun & effective way to profit from bum marketers copying your emails. * 9 ways to make totally commoditized content & topics sound sexy, exciting, and even new. * How to “outwit” software that flags actual human content as “AI” content. * An old school accountant trick for pre-writing your emails 2, 3, 4, even 6 months out. * Why even “beginner” copywriters need not fear so-called AI stealing all their work. (Not if these idiot clients dazzled by FOMO & bull shyt want to stay in business, at least - and for reasons explained inside.) * How to turn being dirt broke into a powerful asset and advantage in your business. * The Gene Schwartz prophecies: his eerie warning for copywriters using and/or relying upon so-called AI he predicted decades ago - before even the internet itself! * How to “summon” like a genie from a jug all the energy & excitement you need to sell in markets that bore you to death. (Example: I used this trick “on” myself in the female weight loss niche that I hated selling to... and converted over 40% of the opt-in list to buyers. That wasn’t a function of “copywriting” as much as using this technique inside.) * A neat little trick for knowing if you’ve really done have enough research or not for your copywriting projects. * Ways to potentially “side step” rotten economies, disruptive technology (like so-called AI), and even weird left turns in laws/rules/regulations and seize marketshare while everyone else is panicking. * An instant tip off to know if a goo-roo or so-called influencer you’re tempted to spend money with is full of crap or not. * A powerful technique (discovered by one of the wealthiest self-improvement authors who ever lived) for banishing indecision when you’re not getting the results you want, and don’t know who to trust or where to turn. * What the late, great Gary Halbert warned about with using so-called AI to write sales copy way back in 1995! * How to be the “Netflix” of your list/audience/market - where YOU be their self-medication... (not some podcast or TikTok channel)... where YOU be their entertainment (not TV or movies)... And where YOU be the one they “tune” into each day (not news sites or social media). * How to get far less resistance from clients constantly questioning everything you do or always fighting you on even so much as testing your ideas. * An ingenious little “cheat sheet” (I’ve used for years) for keeping yourself committed, focused, & disciplined when you have a thousand things/people/forces beyond your control always trying to distract you. * A simple strategy (I learned from the great A-list copywriter Bob Bly years ago) for quickly “sizing up” clients to determine if they’ll be a nightmare or a joy to work with. * My “if you’re gonna be stupid, you might as well be smart about it” advice to marketers who insist on selling so-called AI tools & offers. Here’s the link-a-roo: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA