# Guaranteed this guy wears a bra on his head

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 27 Sep 2025 01:14:58 +0000
**ID:** 19988be54719d8fa
---

A reply guy can’t control his urges: “You don’t see that the audience can see you’re terrified of losing business to A. I. Relax my droogie. It’ll be okay. You’ll adjust.” Ooh. Whenever I hear from reply guys trying to sound all snarky about AI (or A. I. as he put it), I can't help but think of Gary and Wyatt in the movie “Weird Science” wearing bras on their heads to conjure up their AI generated girlfriends. John Hughes unintentionally created a documentary about 2025 goo-roo fanboys with that movie. Anyway, the irony truly wrote itself with this one: The above rolled in just a couple days after having sale on my Breakneck Content book in August. That book is bout how to create engaging & profitable content really fast (written back in 2019), which sold out my inventory to "the audience" reply guy mentioned before the sale was even over. Stephanie (at the printer) literally had to scramble to keep up and print up more on the last day. Yet that book is basically the antithesis of generative so-called AI. People using fapGPT to spurt out content probably would have zero reason to buy that book. Yet it is as in-demand than ever, maybe even more so. Was a useful barometer for all this, and where people on my list are at. I guess reply guy will just have to give it yet another two years and try again. Still, never look a gift troll in the mouth, I like to say. And in this case, it got me to thinking about a unique opportunity far more important to talk about, think on, and start implementing as aggressively as possible in the coming weeks, months, and years as the AI bubble continues to warp, expand, eventually pop... with the goop left over reforming into whatever it’s going to be. Ain’t nothing new about any of this, btw. The internet itself did the same thing. There was all kinds of crazy, hyped up, and FOMO-generated wild fantasies and hardly any of them came true. After the dot com bubble popped, there was a lot of fallout as the companies lying and hyping things up to generate dumb money investor funding (like the kind funding so-called AI now) but didn’t actually solve anything. But it’s not like the internet went away. Or that selling on it stopped. It just was seen for what it is. Smart businesses figured it out, and conquered. The rest went under with many-a-goo-roo going back to parking cars for a living while sleeping in their moms’ basements. Same will happen with everyone’s precious so-called AI. But back to the unique opportunity I mentioned above: Figuring out a Format for your business. Those who have a working Format for their business dialed in have nothing to fear from not only any dumb money FOMO-pushed technology, but will profit from it, as we do in our Low Stress Trading company and as I do in my book & newsletter company. In Low Stress Trading we ban people from even mentioning it in the community. It’s a tool only used by dumb people as far as using our methods go, and we don’t cater dumb people, nor do we want to encourage such behavior. As for the concept of Format: See the October Email Players issue. I talk about lots of people and businesses inside that figured out a Format, stuck with it for at least 30 years (some more), and not only didn’t need to change much during all that time, regardless of new technologies & consultants and experts telling them they'd go out of business if they didn't... but soaked up more marketshare, more sales, more audience-size, etc as a result. All mentioned inside are worthy of serious study. But what’s most important is, they found a FORMAT that worked. They stuck with it and then built their enormous brands/Worlds/businesses on top of that Format, making adjustments and tweaks only when absolutely necessary, and totally ignoring - even showing contempt for - those who who would try to get them to change what's working. Not talking about direct marketers, but actual business owners. Guys who grew tens of millions - even 100s of millions - of customers and fans and followers pre-social media, when it was a lot harder. Guys like that do not think like online marketing goo-roo fanboys. Nor do they get swept up in FOMO - if anything the utterly reject it and do the opposite. This is all part & parcel of engaging in what I call: “Sociological Marketing” There’s two types of marketing: Sociological and psychological marketing. Practically everyone in direct response does psychological marketing. And it’s great. It’s over 100 years old going back to the Sears catalog. And Iit’s all about metrics, numbers, response rates. Sociological Marketing, is the opposite: You only focus on the 2, maybe 3, “metrics” that matter most... and the rest is building and putting an infrastructure in place and focusing on that instead of all the numbers and metrics, which I’ve been doing for 20 years but consciously doing it since around 2018. I have lost count of how many times in business, especially when co-hosting a mastermind with Ryan Levesque, Jack Born, and Andre Chaperon for a few years, where people in the room would ask me about how I got my business down to such simplicity. Many of them “made more money.” But they were overall LESS profitable than I was, and far MORE stressed. I didn’t really know how to explain what I did - which was just from studying the people/businesses I mention in the October Email Players, amongst others. The pure direct response psychological approach never really fit my personality. I don’t like focusing on and chasing metrics I cannot control. I prefer the opposite of focusing on stuff I can control. I don’t care if we’re talking business, money, health, fitness, relationships, whatever. Fast forward a couple years later: And I started working out what I what I’d been doing on gut instinct, and putting it into a methodology for a book I wrote called elBenbo Press, where I first dubbed my approach - which was being used by far wiser and more successful than not only myself, but nearly any psychological marketer I’ve ever known - and gave it a name. That was five years ago. And since then I’ve been writing about it, teaching, it and applying it more ruthlessly. Especially when it comes to our Low Stress Trading company. It’s a more “pure” form of Sociological Marketing than my main business. I doubt it’s coincidence it’s also the most overall profitable & successful business I’ve ever had ownership in. Like, for example: It’s done something like 400% growth in the last year alone. And, it not only sailed through to 7-figures in sales fast, but if all keeps on track the way it has been, it’s very likely going to nail the 8-figures market next year. Cannot say for sure, of course. Anything can happen in these volatile times. But it’s quite fascinating to watch. And it all happens within a pure Sociological Format - where we don’t chase “what’s working now!”, we don’t try to model “Agora!”, and we don’t give a shyt about jargon or what anons think, say, preach from behind a cartoon on social media. What we focus on are the elements I write about in the October Email Players issue. I walk you through exactly what we’re doing, how we approach it, and why it works so well. And I cannot imagine any business who isn’t terminally AI or TikTok brain’d not being able to read it, model parts of it, start implementing for not only potentially more consistent profits that consistently grow even as their competition is suffering withering churn day-by-day... but more joy, more peace of mind, and, yes, more fun. All right enough of this. You can read more about the specifics below in the P.S. To subscribe before the deadline (when I send the list to the printer) go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here are just some of the tips, ideas, and strategies inside the October Email Players issue: * How using porn-o disgraced two of the most brilliant direct marketers who ever walked the face of the Earth. (You can still learn a lot from these two - even if it’s a what-NOT-to-do situation.) * A sneaky storytelling secret used by a soap opera that’s been running non-stop for 62 YEARS... that can make it hard for customers to resist engaging with & buying your offers. * A real life example for how to “stack” 2, 3, 4, even 5 or more subscription/continuity offers without suffering from withering churn or burning customers out. * The “Jenny Factor” secret used by Walt Disney that can dramatically cut down on churn and dramatic sales dips - even during bad economies. * How to (100% legally & ethically) use a method perfected by an abusive, cult-like 1970’s self-help group to get so many more affiliates sales it will probably legitimately freak you out! (It freaked us out a bit, at least, when we started implementing it...) * What to if you’re kind of an off-putting jerk & arsehole but want to build good will and strong customer relationships. * A powerful sales conversion secret David Ogilvy discovered in the 1940’s (when working in the movie business) that can work even better for online businesses today. * An ingenious lead gen trick used by the world’s largest TV ministry (beamed into some 20-30 million households per day for the last 40 years) to rake in more revenue than they know what to do with... and without without begging (if anything they literally mock beggars), fundraisers, passing plates, or emotionally blackmailing people. * The startling discovery behind the most profitable marketing “funnel” that has probably ever been invented. * Why our Chief software developer Pedro (a true savant whose used his coding skills to build a platform for brain cancer research at a major university, if that tells you something...) refuses to code with so-called AI. (If anything, our business that has done over 400% growth in the last year, is hiring MORE developers even as everyone else is foolishly firing their teams to “save money.”) * A shrewd secret for growing a better and more responsive email list used by Old Testament farmers to grow better and more abundant crops. * The controversial “F-bomb” secret behind the enormous success of some of the most successful brands in history. (Including from beloved children TV hosts/authors like Mister Rogers and Dr. Seuss... to the most reviled church on the planet, polarizing filmmakers, late night talk show hosts and more. If they are/were big, chances are they did this F-bomb trick hardly any online businesses do.) * Advice to frustrated freelance copywriters who see clients doing dumb shyt all the time that only makes your job harder and response lower. * Ten people to study and model for World-Building to create a business people love to enter and hate to leave. (In my experience you will learn far more about growing a business observing these 10 people - many who aren’t/weren’t even “businesses” - than you will from some goo-roo prancing around a seminar stage or mastermind room.) * Insider secrets for potentially making more sales & more profits by NOT using 1-click upsells. * Why obsessing over direct marketing jargon like LTV, CPL, CPA, CPC, CTR, CAC... is a recipe for frustration, churn, & failure. (And what my businesses do that can create far more joy, peace of mind, and, yes, consistent cash flow.) * The “tyranny of metrics” phenomenon that can cause otherwise brilliant brands to make colossally stupid decisions, piss off all their customers, and even outright collapse almost overnight! * Why “selling the click” in emails (like spammers all do) is amateur hour at best... and what works far better to make sales, grow relationships, and create life time customers. * Why you should be ultra-skeptical of any SaaS offer that is NOT a subscription model. (Screw it. I might as well just give this one away here: People bitch & moan about subscriptions... but all them new development features, updates, and bug fixes ain’t gonna pay for themselves. Avoid cheapskates if you sell software, and everyone will be happier - including people who DON’T buy because it’s an “oh noes!” subscription.) * How to potentially create a customer base so rabid and “in heat” to support your business that cheerfully and aggressively refers almost everyone they know to you. * Why the vast majority of “name” goo-roos you see are not that great of marketers... just great at building audiences. (No need to take my word for it, simply observe them - especially the ones shilling so-called AI suddenly. It’s not like they hide this fact. More on this inside.) * How to make a bundle of new sales by deliberately NOT spending a lot of time on launch strategy, sales copy, emails, or campaigns. * A totally “counterintuitive” way one of my businesses uses to recruit the best affiliates in our network (Including one who recently put in over 500+ new members into our $1,000 up front, $100/month offer recently, with a couple more seriously interested who could very well dwarf that. You do the math...) * How to help figure out what business you are “really” in to create long term wealth far beyond what you ever could dream of now. Something to know before reading further: This inner game approach I teach inside has been used by everyone from Trump and Walt Disney to companies like Subway and Starbucks. We’ve been using it, for example, in our software business to be on track to make more cash flow/sales over the next 5 years than from the offers we sell in the company. If you do nothing but read, understand, and apply this, it can pay for literally 100 YEARS of your Email Players subscription. No joke, and no exaggeration. This is the #1 most profitable thing I have ever learned (from Dan Kennedy). And I am passing it on to those who read the October Email Players issue. To subscribe in time while you still can go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA