# How to build a Hitchcockian brand without murdering anyone

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 20 Apr 2025 18:45:24 +0000
**ID:** 196548510f214cd0
---

An admittedly rather morbid admission: I like to watch Alfred Hitchcock movies, and then look up the actors to see when & how they died. Do not ask me why I do this. I just… do. I suspect certain others do as well. Or, at least, I like to think I am not the only one. Speaking of Hitchcock: He once said something that is directly applicable to the subject of branding: “A good murder, like good wine, takes time...It is only reasonable if a man is going to spend the rest of his life paying for a murder, he should be entitled to take his time while committing it.” So it is with brand building. And, this is especially true of my “Brand Barbarian” book. It’s a slow burn methodology that takes time. You don’t just put the book under your pillow, think happy thoughts, and wake up to money in your bank account. You have to work at it hard for days, weeks, months, years, decades… and the rest of your business life. Whatever the case, the 25% off the listed price sale ends soon. “Soon” as in tonight, Sunday 4/20 at midnight EDT. If you want it, show us the meaning of haste by clicking here immediately: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/brand Use this code at the cart: AXE And make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle P.S. Email Player of the Horde Ross O’Lochlainn says about Brand Barbarian: === I finished reading Brand Barbarian this morning and wanted to share my thoughts. In my humble opinion, it's definitely your best product so far. And the perfect addition to the higher-level thinking streak you've been on for a while. I've realized for a while now that Branding is where it's at. Direct response gets a lot of things right (like calls to action and measurement), but it's only a small piece of a bigger puzzle. BrandBarb cemented that in my mind. Oh boy... I'll tell ya... I was ALREADY fired up and excited to sell my own product... but Brand Barbarian has moved that excitement into a DRIVE to build a brand. It's made me realize how much of an unfair advantage I have with my personality, philosophy, story, and all of the other elements you mention that give a brand depth. So, thank you, Ben! This product was like a nitro injection. === Here’s the link again: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/brand Use this code at the cart: AXE And make sure you see the price change before entering your info. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA