# Why society doesn't like you

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 21 Jul 2025 02:50:11 +0000
**ID:** 1982ae4e29d07c00
---

That is, if you’re a responsible person who makes good decisions. Here’s what I mean: I once got into a conversation about this idea of how society no longer - if it ever did - celebrates, cares about, or gives any kind of props to people who actually make society work, who build it up, and who keep it functioning. And how instead... only the screw-ups who mostly contribute nothing do. Certainly they get all the public attention, free press, and media propping. That’s one reason why sales copy is often about a screw-up who fixed their situation, and never about someone responsible who isn’t a screw-up in some way. Thus, they often go something like this: * The obese person who got that way eating too much and not caring about his health who then got skinny * The guy who got $200k in debt by reckless and irresponsible overspending who paid it all off and got rich * The golfer who beat up his back, knees, and neck for decades because of his addiction to buying trendy, body-defying rotational swing gimmicks who found a way to play without pain * The wet noodle-looking nerd who refused to lift or make himself more attractive who found a way to pick up chicks * The guy who abused drugs and consumed estrogen-promoting foods when young and then went limp in middle age who suddenly gets raging woodies And the list goes on. Society as a whole not only doesn’t care about the responsible, the hard working, the dependable... but sometimes almost has contempt, jealously, and/or indifference to them. Take, for example, writers like the great Dan Kennedy writing another best-seller, or the great Bob Bly writing his 100th book (and now has well over 100), or Stephen King writing yet another novel. Yes, their fans want it, get excited about it, and buy it in droves. But I would guess nobody is patting them on the backs at home, or mass celebrating with them on Twitter, or drowning them in flakebook likes and PMs about it. If anything, they probably get entitled fans snarking at them: "Hey! Hurry it up with the next book already!" Now, contrast that to many other blokes you see out there: They announce to everyone who will listen how they’re finally going to sac up and take time to write a book. They tell everyone on social media, their family, their friends, their lists, etc... reveling in the likes, props, and "go get 'em, Tiger!" encouragement and validation they so desperately crave from strangers. They then spend two years horrified by the work ahead, the pressure to perform... and hide behind a bottle, or some other mind-altering substances... always talking about the book, but while sabotaging themselves... and never actually writing it or even starting it. Then, eventually, if they do finally write it, probably years later due to desperate need for money... they get showered with praise and high-fives, and are celebrated almost as heroes - despite all that wasted time, self-inflicted misery & stress, and possibly mental/emotional/physical harm to themselves, and maybe even others. It’s not just in business or publishing, either. It’s like this in all phases of society. Nobody really cares when the responsible adult with a family gets up each day, punches in at work, earns a living, and doesn’t sabotage his life via drugs, partying, prostitutes, adultery, gambling, running up thousands in debt, and the list goes on. It’s simply expected of him. And he neither expects or needs a pat on the back. But, when the self-sabotaging screw-up who is always late, always messing up, always being irresponsible finally gets a job and puts a tie on or does something - anything - notable, everyone goes crazy with applause, props, and celebration. Simply look at who society coddles & treats like children and you can see this phenomenon play out in "real time." Even the Bible talks about this in the story about the prodigal son. A father has two sons: 1. A loyal, obedient, hard-working, and responsible guy 2. A complete screw-up who squanders his inheritance, breaks his dad’s heart, and ends up leaving only to become destitute, wallowing in despair, and begging to come back And when son #2 does return, guess what happens? He’s not only welcomed back with open arms, but he is treated even better than ever. Meanwhile, son #1 is standing there with his John Thomas in his hand wondering what just happened, not realizing that he ultimately will get the prize (inheritance) and shouldn’t expect a pat on the back anyway, and should be happy for the screw-up coming back and being safe. There are many lessons embedded in that story. But, from a purely business perspective, here’s my favorite take-away: The reason the irresponsible screw-ups are celebrated, and are the subject of so many marketing campaigns is because of several very important things, including being more flawed (and, thus, more identifiable and relatable) and, also, because of... It's essentially Drama. Drama is exciting. Drama is engaging. And, best of all… drama makes more of the green stuff than non-drama does. But, responsible, hardworking people simply don’t naturally create drama. Only the screw-ups do, whether on purpose or not. Thus for the responsible people who want to use this attribute in business, creating ways to manufacture drama (without having to be a screwup) is one of the many things I talk about in my popular “Infotainment Jackpot” book (on sale until tonight) for getting attention and making a boatload more sales in your business. Specifically: I show the 5 most profitable ways to use drama (again, in a non-screw-up way) in your marketing to not only to get the attention of your market, list, and audience… but also get their business, too. Including business they would otherwise give your competition. Which is why this book is in some ways the most valuable book I’ve ever written. But the sale ends tonight, Sunday 7/20, at midnight EDT. That does not leave you much time, Pokey. But until then, my hearty Horde can have it for over $100.00 off the regular price. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/jackpot Use coupon code: BENGOOLIE Make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA