# Give your sales copy the D

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 18 Jun 2025 02:44:47 +0000
**ID:** 19780ee6984d77d9
---

True story #1: While I was on his podcast a few years ago, “Email Players” subscriber Vance Morris - who spent 10 years working for Walt Disney World and now teaches others how to “Disnify” their businesses - told me: “Everything at Disney has an origin story.” And I do mean everything. Even the tiniest details 90% of customers will never see has a story behind it. The effect: Depth. Lots of Depth - and certainly far more Depth than Six Flags and other parks. Which brings me to… True story #2: Before writing his scripts, Quentin Tarantino writes long, detailed origin stories for his characters - even when he doesn’t include those stories in his movies. Take, for example, his last movie “Once Upon A Time In Hollywood” - where he wrote FIVE full length TV episode scripts about the TV character played by the main character in the movie (a movie star in westerns), even down to who the directors, writers, casting directors, etc of those episodes were. None of that made it into the movie. But it added to the movie’s Depth. And that Depth added many more dollars to the movie’s box office gross. Which brings me to the lesson: Depth in copywriting. Depth helps create engagement with your reader. Depth helps forge a strong intellectual & emotional bond with your reader. And, best of all, Depth helps build a deeper & more fanatical (if you do it right) relationship with your reader - where your reader may very well potentially buy even if they didn’t know who you were or that your offer existed at all just 10 minutes earlier. Thus, my latest offer: “Copy Salesliloquies: Vol 1” If there is one theme that runs through it, even if it’s not outright stated as such, it’s how to give your copy the D: i.e., Depth. The secret sauce missing from all the books, courses, and seminars I’ve ever seen about copywriting. More: This book includes the June 2020, February 2021, June 2021, & May 2022 Email Players issues which were all about copywriting. Plus, it also includes the transcripts of a couple intense line-by-line sales letter analyses (for my Subscription Biz & Social Lair book offers) I did for our $499/month Profit Pirates coaching clients. Lots of stuff I either couldn’t fit into my Copy Slacker book (already 800+ pages). Or stuff I learned since writing Copy Slacker. And before you even ask: No, you do NOT need Copy Slacker to learn from the info in this book. If anything, it serves as a nifty “prequel” (or sequel if you already possess it) to my Copy Slacker book you can learn from regardless of your experience, knowledge, or skill level now. It’s also on sale at a fat discount until Friday June 20 at midnight, EDT. Simply do this: 1. Go to the URL below 2. Read the letter carefully to make an informed purchase 3. Use code WILLIS at the checkout (Make sure you see the price change before entering your info) http://www.EmailPlayers.com/salesliloquies1 Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA