# Behold the power of “Sea-Monkey” advertising

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 28 Jul 2025 13:44:50 +0000
**ID:** 1985148f62100cc9
---

“I think I bought something like 3.2 million pages of comic book advertising a year. It worked beautifully.” - Harold von Braunhut Inventor of the Sea-Monkeys Let us hearken back to the good ol’ days of advertising… 2019: While packing to move to where I live now, I fished through a bunch of boxes of my comicbooks. And, as any self-respecting copywriting fanboy would do… I started looking at all the ads inside those issues that stretched back to the 1950’s through the late 90’s when I stopped collecting. And as I poured through these ads, I was reminded by how the ads in the 50’s through the 70’s were almost entirely direct-response. And, frankly, they are some of the best ads I’ve ever seen. It should be no surprise at all that some of these advertisers literally became mail-order millionaires with a single ad that ran through various titles every month. Granted, many of those ads were pure fraud, selling lies, and using deceit. But some were enormously popular for years & decades. Take, for example, the infamous - and notorious - Sea-Monkeys ads. "Sea-Monkeys” were simply a species of brine shrimp. But they were packaged, sold, and marketed as literally pets that live in their own magical-looking kingdom, that you can observe for hours in a bowl, endlessly fascinated by them - complete with illustrations (drawn by a popular comicbook artist of the day) in the ads showing humanoid-like creatures, living in a castle, underwater. The result? People bought them by the millions. Hollywood created a TV show about them. And they became so embedded in popular culture (even to this day) they’ve shown up on The Simpsons and even in a South Park episode. All as a result of the fascinating ads used to sell them. Now, I cannot say for sure. But, I’d bet the Sea-Monkeys ads were the single most profitable and effective comicbook ads ever created. Maybe Charles Atlas’ ads (about the insult that made a man out of Mac) did better. But, I’m putting my money on the Sea-Monkeys for sheer cultural impact. Same with many comicbook ads back then. Those copywriters knew how to tap into your soul, and create an itch you HAD to scratch to the point of kids begging parents for the $1.00 to send away for the product, and adults blowing their paychecks. Now, “flash-forward” to the 80’s: Comicbooks stopped accepting “Sea-Monkeys” kind of ads. Instead, they rejoiced at getting out of the “advertising ghetto” as a rep at Marvel called it - and they sold only to big corporate accounts, churning out the usual boring big corporate ads selling cereal, video games, Hostess Cupcakes, or whatever it was. Kind of a shame, really. But I have seen some marketers testing out comicbook-style ads online. Especially on Facebook. So who knows? Maybe there will be a renaissance of sorts with them. Whatever the case: I spend some time talking about one of my own approaches to writing comicbook-style ads inside the milestone 14-year anniversary Email Players issue if this topic suits that righteous fancy of yours. And besides that, I’m also including a 60+ page bonus with the August issue: “Email Players Annual #4: After School Special” This oversized (literally - in both size and page count) Annual issue bonus exists outside the normal continuity of the newsletter. And I wrote it to commemorate the newsletter’s 14-year anniversary. And it’s written as a long letter “to” Willis in case I up and join the choir invisible before he comes of age to teach it it to him - with all the most important business, marketing, money/finance, health, and relationship info I want him to know. I spent more time on this than I have some of my full-length books. I won’t say this is the “best” writing I’ve ever done but it’s certainly the most important. You can read more about it in the PS below if you want. Otherwise - the deadline to get in on time is when I send the list to the printer soon. After that? Too late. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com NOTE: I do NOT ship to Indonesia, China, India, Ukraine, Russia, the Philippines, Thailand, Japan, or Africa. Current Email Players subscribers are “Grandfathered” in, of course. Ben Settle P.S. Here’s some of the info inside the bonus Email Players Annual #4: After School Special I am gifting to Email Players subscribers next month: * Advice from a wise pastor about finding cash flow for something you desperately need without resorting to loans, debt, or having to owe any man anything. * Why one of the best ways for a man to be more successful with women is to try to help them get back together with their ex-boyfriends. * The secret technique I’ve been using for years that can potentially help almost anyone in business go from 0- to 4-figures, 4- to 5-figures, 5- to 6-figures, and, yes, 6- to 7-figures in sales. * Advice to a frustrated and stigmatized Nigerian copywriter who struggles with being taken seriously by clients for no other reason than where he lives. * The dirty little secret big financial newsletter publishers selling some $500 million hedge fund manager’s “system” never tell you. * An almost freakishly profitable copywriting technique old school A-list copywriters would talk to each other about behind closed doors that created whole industries and control ads (and royalties) that’d last for years. * What to eat with every meal that can do wonders for helping optimize your blood sugar, energy levels, and body composition. * The ingenious “forever war” secret you can wage against your competition to (totally legally & ethically) steal the attention, engagement, and even the loyalty & respect of their customers. * The 8-point “get your balls back” protocol for if a woman you love & plan to spend the rest of your life with betrays you, leaves you, or even cheats, divorces, or goes ice cold on you for no reason whatsoever. * Why you should never under ANY circumstance trust your banker! * What a brilliant testosterone health expert & doctor teaches younger men for maximizing higher testosterone levels as you grow older. All right, so be it. If you want in on time for the milestone 14-year anniversary Email Players issue plus a free copy of Email Players Annual #4: After School Special then scroll back up to the URL, note the list of banned countries, and follow the instructions while you still can. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA