# 33 reasons to write an email each day

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 11 Nov 2025 17:45:14 +0000
**ID:** 19a7405b64975920
---

1. You’ll become a better writer 2. You’ll write better sales copy 3. Your writing will inevitably get faster 4. Generate more ideas as ideas beget ideas, emails beget emails… 5. Clearer thinking 6. Accomplish more than your lazy AI-fapping peers 7. Generate more testimonials 8. Engineer more JV opportunities 9. More customers to which you can sell other offers to 10. More clients 11. Regularly demonstrate your knowledge & superiority 12. It's therapeutic 13. Might inspire others 14. It’s fun 15. Can create more financial security 16. Troll fodder handed to you on a rusted platter 17. Entertainment when you see someone melt down over something you wrote 18. Can elevate your thinking 19. You can teach cool ideas to a receptive audience you wouldn’t be able to otherwise 20. Makes your other (non email) writing easier to pound out 21. Gets your business more attention 22. Lets you demonstrate leadership 23. Will very likely make you many new industry connections 24. Can create other opportunities you never considered 25. Attracts better leads 26. Repels weak or unqualified leads 27. Less spam complaints, in my experience 28. Creates proximity & “friendly familiarity” making the choice to buy from you much more likely 29. Builds & strengthens relationships with your list 30. New product ideas spring forth the more you do them and get feedback from your list 31. Gives you content to repurpose for other things 32. Better inbox deliverability if you write emails people want to read 33. Your business can make more sales I could go on and on and on. But if those 33 ways aren’t enough to light a fire under your righteous gluteus assimus to grow your email list and mail it each day, then you're truly hopeless and probably anything else I say will go in one ear and right out the other. As far as a platform to legally (not cold spam emails) send your business/marketing emails from? That's why we built BerserkerMail. It's the world's only "Email Players-approved" platform. And was it built by an Email Players subscriber who also happens to be a former Navy Nuclear Engineer, Encyclopedia Director of Technology (where he ran a $12 million department of developers), & world's #1 Email Automation Specialist. The whole purpose of the platform was to use it to make more sales in our own email-driven businesses by playing on the sexiness of email copywriting, marketing, & automation… while slapping the complexity completely out of it. But no need to take my word for it. I'm clearly biased. If you want a free, no-pressure test drive, with no credit card needed, go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/berserker Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA