# How to thwart AI models trained on plundering your IP

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 29 Oct 2025 15:44:47 +0000
**ID:** 19a30a5cc9e8da3a
---

Email Players subscriber Karen Jensen asks: “I know you copyright your material, but how do you keep AI models from learning from, l plagiarizing, or otherwise misusing your material? Is this something you’ve discussed with your legal team or incorporated into your on your website, book intros, etc.?” The good news: So-called AI ain’t nearly as much a threat as people imagine or how it’s being hyped as, imo. There is nothing new under the sun. Pirates have always been out there stealing and reselling & repurposing content. Kindle, for example, has long had pirates basically publishing the exact same content, with nearly identical titles, as best sellers. It’s practically a business model. I would not be shocked if goo-roo burnouts prancing around mastermind rooms teach it. We saw this phenomenon all the time when I co-owned a weight loss info biz. 1. My biz partner would write a high-selling book and sell it on Kindle 2. A few weeks later, a book with a 99% similar title and blatantly copied content would show up 3. The pirated titles would die on the vine They had no actual audience or reviews or distribution, just short term algorithm hacks. It’s literally no different with the AI geek chorus. It’s all a facade like all pirated content is. Whether the average normie running around nattering on about all their generative so-called AI prompts likes it or not, believes it or not, wants to even try to understand it (they probably can’t - and are literally incapable of doing so, it’s why AI appeals to them so much) or not... most people eventually come around to what the late billionaire Sam Zell understood, and used as way of doing business: “I bet on the person, not the deal.” Meanwhile, you have a horde of broke “creators” betting on the prompt. Amusing in its futility, but here we are. Anyway, great deals and products are a dime a dozen. But great people and service and experiences? No so much and are practically extinct. Thus, more and more out there blatantly copy their betters, then people notice it, then people ignore it, even mock it, warn others about it, and the pirates find a new thing to steal, and begin the cycle anew. This is Chinese factory knock-off business strategy, in a lot of ways. But there is a way to minimize it. Even profit from it, if you know what you’re doing. And I explain this in more detail up inside the November Email Players issue. I cannot make you any hard promises. But I can say, if you do as I suggest (where I answer Karen’s question) then these guys thinking they are going to train so-called AI on your stuff pose no real threat to you. Many might find the answer I give anti-climactic. But then again, they aren’t the kind of people who should be subscribing anyway. Speaking of which: The deadline to subscribe in time for this issue is just about here. You can read more about what’s inside in the P.S. below. To get in while the gettins’ still good, go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s a look at what’s inside the November Email Players issue: * Exactly what I’d do to rapidly build & grow an email list today if starting from scratch. * A totally manipulative social dominance technique used by an infamous WW2 Supreme Commander to get what you want from people without having to say a single word. (Use on your clients, and watch what happens!) * What to offer your list if you want to monetize it but don’t yet have anything to sell or plug. * The dark, twisted, even outright demonic reason (Gary Halbert unearthed back in the 70’s or 80’s but hardly anyone knows about today) why so many people are fat. * Advice for protecting your IP from being used to “train” so-called AI with. * A clever way to use the mute button on a phone, zoom, or other call to generate insanely profitable headlines, subject lines, stories, bullets, and themes for your ads & emails. * A surprisingly fun & effective way to profit from bum marketers copying your emails. * 9 ways to make totally commoditized content & topics sound sexy, exciting, and even new. * How to “outwit” software that flags actual human content as “AI” content. * An old school accountant trick for pre-writing your emails 2, 3, 4, even 6 months out. * How to turn being dirt broke into a powerful asset and advantage in your business. * The Gene Schwartz prophecies: his eerie warning for copywriters using and/or relying upon so-called AI he predicted decades ago - before even the internet itself! * How to “summon” like a genie from a jug all the energy & excitement you need to sell in markets that bore you to death. (Example: I used this trick “on” myself in the female weight loss niche that I hated selling to... and converted over 40% of the opt-in list to buyers. That wasn’t a function of “copywriting” as much as using this technique inside.) * A neat little trick for knowing if you’ve really done have enough research or not for your copywriting projects. * Ways to potentially “side step” rotten economies, disruptive technology (like so-called AI), and even weird left turns in laws/rules/regulations and seize marketshare while everyone else is panicking. * An instant tip off to know if a goo-roo or so-called influencer you’re tempted to spend money with is full of crap or not. * A powerful technique (discovered by one of the wealthiest self-improvement authors who ever lived) for banishing indecision when you’re not getting the results you want, and don’t know who to trust or where to turn. * What the late, great Gary Halbert warned about with using so-called AI to write sales copy way back in 1995! * How to be the “Netflix” of your list/audience/market - where YOU be their self-medication... (not some podcast or TikTok channel)... where YOU be their entertainment (not TV or movies)... And where YOU be the one they “tune” into each day (not news sites or social media). * How to get far less resistance from clients constantly questioning everything you do or always fighting you on even so much as testing your ideas. * An ingenious little “cheat sheet” (I’ve used for years) for keeping yourself committed, focused, & disciplined when you have a thousand things/people/forces beyond your control always trying to distract you. * A simple strategy (I learned from the great A-list copywriter Bob Bly years ago) for quickly “sizing up” clients to determine if they’ll be a nightmare or a joy to work with. * My “if you’re gonna be stupid, you might as well be smart about it” advice to marketers who insist on selling so-called AI tools & offers. And on and on and on it goes... To subscribe while you still have some time left to do so go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA