# Exorcising the spirit of copywriting stupor

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 08 Jul 2025 14:44:44 +0000
**ID:** 197ea7f4224be876
---

A couple months ago I saw a post on Linkedin - an amusing cesspool of desperate so-called AI propaganda, even worse than Money Twitter, to say the least - by a chick named Amy Griffin. And it was quite a lesson in the dangers of so-called AI unto itself. In her case: She’d been writing a newsletter for a long time client and had been getting good opens and click-throughs, with rising sales over that time. It sounded like the kind of newsletter that was doing things right by focusing more on the reader experience than being ruled by the cold-fisted tyranny of metrics. A rare sight these days. Unfortunately: The false AI god cast its spirit of copywriting stupor on her client. Instead of paying her to write the emails promoting a podcast, they had their assistant use so-called AI to go through the transcript and create the email, with the result being a huge drop in opens and clicks, with deliverability going in the dumpster, and, yes, the once-reliable sales drying up, having to start over again, having to warm the list up again, bribing people with coupons, etc. All because the clients were chintzy. Cheapness is truly a sickness of the soul that creates nothing but misery all-around. Not just for the cheap client, but that client’s business, the people in that business, and, worst of all... the customer/leads/prospects that client sells to and is supposed to be serving, with them under the business’ care and protection. The solution to making your business immune to it all? Even profiting from it? In my experience: Be YOUR OWN client. Selling your own offers, to your own list. Keep all the money, and have total control over the customer experience. Serve don’t just sell. This last part gets missed during the current Tyranny of Metrics (title of a book I highly recommend) atmosphere, where people care more about speed and efficiency than results and effectiveness, care more about metrics than giving a good experience, and care more about short term “response” than long term customer relationships - which, ironically, leads to more response when done right anyway. Enter my Client-less Copywriter program AWAI sells. It is on sale today at a fat discount. And it’s the exact framework I used to go from being a freelance licking client boots to being my own client, running my own show, and having a helluva lot more fun & being able to write the copy I want vs being forced to filter everything through a committee of chuckleheads who all contradicted each other, screwed up the copy, thought they could point the finger at me if something went wrong. I can only imagine how frustrating this is now during the “AI” gold rush. Whatever the case: Client-less Copywriter is on sale today. And you can read more about it right here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/clientless Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA