# Why so many writing goo-roos despise Tolkien

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 19 Aug 2025 02:15:14 +0000
**ID:** 198c01dcf2b8c7cf
---

A few fun facts about J.R.R. Tolkien and writing: 1. His writing was packed with adverbs, passive voice, and the word “very.” If you have his Return of the King book, read the account of Gandalf facing off against the Witch King lord of the Nazgul. Or simply read the first few pages of The Hobbit alone. Writing goo-roos who invoke the name of Tolkien probably all secretly despise him. 2. Your phone is The One Ring... As Bilbo explains (talking about the Ring) in the The Fellowship of the Ring: “...I have felt it was like an eye. . .I am always. . .wondering if it is safe, and pulling it out to make sure. I tried locking it up, but I found I couldn't rest without it in my pocket. I don't know why. And I don't seem able to make up my mind.” 3. I suspect Tolkien would have had fun mocking generative so-called AI as metaphor for Sauron. If you don’t know what happened to Sauron, here a few highlights from The Letters of Tolkien: * “Treebeard does not say that the Dark Lord ‘created’ Trolls and Orcs. He says he ‘made’ them in counterfeit of certain creatures pre-existing.” * ‘The Shadow that bred them can only mock, it cannot make real new things of its own. I don’t think it gave life to the Orcs, it only ruined them and twisted them.’ * “I am not sure about Trolls. I think they are mere ‘counterfeits’, and hence (though here I am of course only using elements of old barbarous mythmaking that had no ‘aware’ metaphysic) they return to mere stone images when not in the dark.” Speaking of Sauron, Tolkien says after the One Ring was destroyed he became a: “spirit of malice that gnaws itself in the shadows, but cannot again grow or take shape” I would not be surprised if that’s the fate of content creators diddling around using generative so-called AI in the coming years. Especially those with loyal audiences and those audiences discover or even suspect they used it to create content. Not unlike what happened to some big YA novelist Stefania was telling me about. As soon as her audience suspected she used it, they turned on her. Probably thought she was "saving time" doing as such. Whatever the case, speaking of novels If you are interested in reading the first of my 9-novel Enoch Wars series, along with writing tips, business of writing tips, and author tips... all free... see the Enoch Wars mobile app at the link below. No opt-in is required to access it, and there is nothing for sale inside. But you will need a smart phone or iPad to access it: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/enochwars Ben Settle P.S. The 8th book in the series (God Blood) is now in audiobook format on Audible. Since there are more than a few unrepentant Daniel Throssell fans on this list, and if you’re one of them, then you might get a kick & a laugh out of the intro he wrote for it, as it is definitely 100% his style - just applied to selling fiction instead of his offers. You can read a selection from it below. His full intro is in the app at the link above, along the intros from the other books’ “Horror Hosts” who graciously wrote intros for them: === … I remembered WHY I consider Enoch Wars one of my favourite series of novels, ever. For starters, there’s the rich complexity of the characters: Ben writes characters unlike anyone I’ve ever seen — he simply REFUSES to let you settle into a comfortable conception of a ‘good’ or ‘bad’ character. Azriel is a foul-mouthed, violent and sometimes cruel hero. Roper — the wise old Christian — gambles, gets drunk, commits robbery, and uses his phone while driving. I still can’t tell whether Skoll is meant to be a protagonist or antagonist. And if you ask me, Ben’s brilliant depiction of Lucifer as charismatic, beautiful and LIKEABLE is probably the most true-to-life portrayal in all of literature! Then … there’s the refreshing political incorrectness: Ben skewers wokeness, “churchianity”, abortion, intersectionality, diversity rallies, new-age philosophy, corruption in the church, and more. He gleefully celebrates masculine men and feminine women. Heck, even his monsters join the fun — the vampire Fezziwig calls people ‘faggots’ while the demon Arba mocks things as ‘gay’. It’s like Ben wrote these books HOPING to be cancelled … and had a devious smile on his face as he did it. And though it feels like you shouldn’t laugh … you can’t help it! Speaking of which… There’s also the wry humour: Who but Ben could have dreamed up a vampire with prostate problems from drinking sick people’s blood? A horrible monster that can only be defeated by the Miami Vice theme song? Or a Devil who uses his invisibility to make bunny ears behind people’s heads? (And personally … the subtle reveal of Hammer’s “perverted, cackling child” had me in stitches!) And perhaps most shockingly … there’s even how spiritually edifying(!) the books are. It might sound weird … but these books challenged and strengthened my Christian faith in ways I never expected. And I don’t just mean the “good” parts that talk about theology or prophecy. I realised that even the “bad” parts — the sex, gore and language — aren’t Ben just being crass or vulgar … they’re Ben expertly wielding evil against itself. The infamous abortion clinic scene in Lucifer’s Favorite eviscerates the pro-choice position without a single argument — just pure “Vision”. And Skoll’s epiphany as he runs toward the pit in Hell’s Frankenstein — about why everything with the monsters was “all about sex” — was one of the most spiritually illuminating things I’ve ever read. Yet for all that, I’m sure most readers would agree: The best part of Enoch Wars … is the masterful way Ben writes his plotlines. Here, I believe, is where we see the world’s best email copywriter at his finest. Ben hints, teases, foreshadows, drops breadcrumbs, jumps between timelines, and all-round expertly weaves his plot threads together. Tiny details in one book end up becoming crucial plotlines later. And he often takes you back to scenes you saw before … and shows you what happened just before, or just after, or an angle you didn’t notice. It’s so darn satisfying to read that I get writers’ envy just thinking about it! Yes … all of that (and more) is what makes the first seven books of the Enoch Wars series so remarkable. But if you like all that… You are going to LOVE God Blood. The book you’re about to read was originally a ‘bonus novel’ — a sort of epilogue to the first seven books. And in many ways, it stands apart from them. Yet its plot weaves in and out throughout the timeline of the whole series, filling in gaps you didn’t know existed — but are glad to learn about. In this book you’ll finally discover how the shack of explosives came to exist (and earn a $10,000 bounty for its discovery) … the long and convoluted history of how Roper ended up with a vial of Christ’s blood … the truth behind Rome’s founding … what passed before Rapha rocked up at the Bunker … how Thaddeus Worely became a famous rapper … the real origin story of Azriel’s father … how Bigfoot ended up fighting in Bite Club … and the origin of Dotty’s lucky coin … along with many, many more satisfying “loops” that Ben will close for you. And of course, you’ll do all that while meeting even more well-written characters (and some hilarious cameos from old favourites!) … more wry humour (look closely and you’ll spot a few “breaking the fourth wall” jokes in here) … more political incorrectness (the scene of the three girls in the ‘meat locker’ will infuriate woke people!) … and of course, more spiritual edification (God Blood contains some of the most rewarding scenes about Christianity in the entire series). In short? God Blood takes everything you loved about the original series … and gives you an extra helping of it. I just finished re-reading it myself — before writing this foreword — mere hours ago. And having experienced this series all over again “from scratch”, as it were … I’m reminded of why Ben Settle isn’t just my favourite copywriter … but one of my favourite authors, too. So — what are you waiting for, Enoch Wars lover? If you’re ready for a cracking good time … turn the page and dive in. === I don’t recommend starting with the 8th book above of course. Although, I suppose, one could, but it'd be a bit like watching Empire Strikes Back before Star Wars. Whatever the case, you can read the first novel free inside the mobile app, if you want, via eBook, audio book, and even screenplay format here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/enochwars This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA