# ravings of a paranoid schizophrenic

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 12 Sep 2025 20:10:32 +0000
**ID:** 1993f8d1be6b1d95
---

Something to ponder: A couple months ago, Stefania sent me a bit about how a big time content creator (someone who has been popular since YouTube first started) lost her Facebook and YouTube accounts because her drug addict ex husband hacked her accounts and deleted everything. She had 14 million followers, and probably thousands of pieces of content. Then, she explained in a TIKTOK that FACEBOOK specifically was the main way she supported her and her kids (sole custody) and now she’s trying to plug her PATREON now. Yes, I just obnoxiously capitalized certain words. There is a clear pattern about what this creator’s real problem: Not her druggie husband. But her silly dependence on big tech. i.e., All those followers, no email list. An email list is something you can export. And if you can export it that means you own it as asset. If you can’t export it - like a big tech audience - you don’t own it as asset. Not really. The tech platform does and you merely have access to it... until you don't. Something that only becomes obvious when it’s too late. This being able to not only export your list, but make it as simple as possible (and eventually we will make it literally automatic) is something BerserkerMail does as feature. My business partner who designed BerserkerMail - Troy Broussard, one of the world's top email automation guys - and I made that one of the first and most important features: We send you a DAILY link to back up your list. In my opinion: You should not only backup your list each day (simply click the link and download the file), but you should have it saved in at least 3 different places like your hard drive, a cloud service (ideally not one that has a reputation for canceling people for wrong think), and, if you’re really paranoid... to a USB flash drive you attach to your house & car key chain. Does all this sound overly paranoid? You do what you want. But an email list is the only online asset you really own, that can’t be taken from you. Unless, of course, you foolishly allow it by not backing it up. A social media account, Google account (including YouTube of course), and even your website/hosting/domain can be taken. Twitter has even seized usernames when Elon took over, if that tells you something. But your email list? It can be exported and plugged in elsewhere. I want to leave you with three more thoughts about this: Thought #1: Email Players subscriber and the “Founding father” of online marketing itself Ken McCarthy (I suggest reading his How The Web Won and then sending him a thank you if you’ve been successful online, you wouldn’t be without him, period) wrote in his magnificent System Club Letters book that he takes his list to a safety deposit box on the regular, if that tells you something. Thought #2: The infamous Vincent James (of 12 Month Millionaire fame) was interviewed by Michael Senoff many years ago. He used to sell weenie pills and an opportunist ex-employee conspired with Arizona’s Attorney General to shut him down and throw in in prison. He said there were signs of what was to come (how his bankers were behaving, etc). And he said in hindsight he would have backed up his customer list each day on a flash drive, put it on a key chain with his car and house keys, and had a way to get out of the country at the first sign of trouble, from where he could negotiate his freedom in a place where he could still do business in the meantime. Thought #3: If your ESP (email service provider) doesn’t make it easy to back up your list, and if they have a penchant for canceling accounts... that is one reason we created BerserkerMail. We do NOT tolerate spammers or those who don’t behave professionally. (We have a clean speech policy) But we don’t police your thoughts, either. And we don’t care who you voted for or what your politics are. I can assure you, whatever conspiracy theories you may buy into, I am far more extreme than you are. I just know how to be “wiser than the serpent” which really isn't all that hard to do if you have self control and aren't driven by a need for clout and mindless engagement. Anyway, back to BerserkerMail: It was primarily built and designed by (with my own twists put on it, of course, based on my Email Players methodology) Troy who is a former Navy Nuclear Engineer-turned-software developer & email automation maestro who spent years doing the sending/testing/tracking/automating of clients’ emails to the tune of 30-50 million emails per month. He saw what worked, what didn't, what was email goo-roo fantasy nonsense in mastermind rooms and on stage, and what actually works. BerserkerMail is based on our combined knowledge. And we USE the platform ourselves, in multiple different businesses. That means we put everything we got into it for OUR own success, if nothing else. And, thus, we focus a lot on: 1. Inbox deliverability 2. Tracking/automation so advanced the email nerds (like Troy) can geek out on it, while the so simple the email cavemen (like me) can still understand and use it 3. World class customer service In BerserkerMail’s case the helpdesk is overseen by two Email Players subscribers. i.e., they don’t just tell you silly theories that were old in 2010. If you want a free BerserkerMail test drive, as well as free instant access to an eBook I wrote for businesses who use (or want to use) email during these volatile economic times (called “12 Fast-Cash Ways To Profit From Email - Even During A Worldwide Financial Crisis”) hit the jump below and you’re in. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/berserker Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA