# Goo-roos taking the ticket

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 02 Jul 2025 02:45:23 +0000
**ID:** 197c907817937206
---

Last month Vox Day said something quite timely on his blog. Specifically, he talked about the big book publisher onslaught of artificially inflated numbers of 4 & 5 star book reviews for books by mediocre authors. And I believe what he said applies just as much to anyone else you see come out of nowhere & grow overnight. Especially marketing goo-roos, social media “influencers”, and I'd argue ridiculously distorted big tech FOMO-pushed Narratives like almost everything being said about so-called AI. Anyway, what he said was this: "If it gets big fast, it is fake" When you see someone being pushed artificially you can be 100% sure it’s as fake as the bewbs on some prompt fondler's digitally-generated girlfriend. It’s always fake... at least in virtually every case I’ve seen so far, at least. In fact, there is even a term for this phenomenon I also first heard Vox first say some years ago that has “stuck” in my head - and that is so on-target with this sort of thing, and so ripe for storytelling, I embedded it as a theme throughout my first Enoch Wars novel “Zombie Cop.” And that term is: "Taking the ticket" All those tales of people making deals with demons & devils didn’t create themselves. There’s always a debt to be paid to someone - or something - for undeserved & unearned success, fame, money, power. But terrestrial or otherworldly: It's why everyone is full of shyt until proven otherwise. Yes, including me, and anyone else wriggling around in your inbox. If you want to see what I mean by taking the ticket, you can read it in my Zombie Cop novel I give away free mentioned above in the Enoch Wars mobile app. The book is not a B-movie slasher flick despite the title - something the Hollywood industry insider I recently paid to critique the screenplay also noted and said works to its advantage. Whatever the case: You can read the eBook, audio book, or screenplay free in the app. I also have other tips about writing, business, etc in there too. Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/enochwars Ben Settle P.S. You will need a mobile phone or iPad to access the app. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA