# Bad news for AI copywriters

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 21 Jun 2025 02:14:37 +0000
**ID:** 197904448d30e20f
---

Talking about so-called AI has become quite the engagement farm ‘round here. So to keep that fire burning, here are some fun predictions: 1. I recently heard about a report by an organization called Europol predicting that by 2026, 90% of online content could be AI-generated - which is not really all big a shock, especially considering how much is already AI-generated already. 2. The more so-called AI content, the less valuable it becomes if for no other reason than anyone can do it. 3. The AI boi mind can’t comprehend (literally - I don’t think they are even capable of understanding cause & effect, consequences, long games, etc at this point) how that’s a problem, which is as amusing as it is ironic. 4. So-called AI needs human-created content to sustain itself, be trained on, etc. 5. Again, the AI fanboy mind can’t comprehend why that’s a problem either. 6. Content that IS human-generated, from human brains, flaws and all, will automatically become more valuable and more of a novelty. 7. Copywriting clients who are firing copywriters like it’s a sport to “save money” by using so-called AI will find this out the hard way, as will copywriters who stubbornly refuse to become their own clients, selling their own offers to their own lists, instead of, or at least in addition to, doing client work. 8. The more so-called AI content generated, the less unique ideas/insights/experiences that content will have. 9. The less unique ideas/insights, the more valuable legit unique ideas/insights/experiences become, as it is with any novelty. 10. So-called AI content trained on more and more so-called AI content and less and less human-generated content will inevitably collapse, just as rampant incest collapses the families of those who engage in it. 11. Combine that with what our Chief Architect at BerserkerMail/Learnistic, and one of the most brilliant technologists I have ever dealt with (guy literally has created software/platforms to contribute to brain cancer research at a major university, if that tells you something), Pedro, put it perfectly when he said: “AI is trained and normalized in aggregated human knowledge, the most pure average… And have you seen how stupid the average person is?” I see a lot of people declaring the “death of copywriters” now due to so-called AI. But I ain't holding my breath. I’ve been around in this game a long time, and have yet to see a single “death of” prediction come true. Email, for example, has been pronounced dead for 20+ years (always sent by email, of course). Text sales letters have been pronounced dead. Lead magnets (i.e., the good, old shameless bribe) has been pronounced dead. And the list goes on. Anyway, I suspect the copywriters reading this who are not addicted to listening to goo-roos shilling AI like they do every mad dash technology before grifting on to something else can see where it’s headed: Idiocracy. It also brings me to a copywriting lesson: The one thing that separates the men from the boys when it comes to copywriting ain’t swipe file content, NLP wizardry, 90-year old headline formulas, hacks, or prompts. It’s thinking combined with movement and hard work. He or she who thinks AND works hardest - not just thinks, not just works - wins. It’s the best way to solve real problems and grow real relationships with real people. All right, ‘nuff said. Let’s get down to the business: My book “Copy Salesliloquies: Vol 1” This book includes the June 2020, February 2021, June 2021, & May 2022 Email Players issues which were all about copywriting. Plus, it also includes the transcripts of a couple intense line-by-line sales letter analyses (for my Subscription Biz & Social Lair book offers) I did for our $499/month Profit Pirates coaching clients. Lots of stuff I either couldn’t fit into my Copy Slacker book (already 800+ pages). Or stuff I learned since writing Copy Slacker. No, you do NOT need Copy Slacker to learn from the info in this book. If anything, it serves as a nifty “prequel” (or sequel if you already possess it) to my Copy Slacker book you can learn from regardless of your experience, knowledge, or skill level now. It’s also on sale at a big discount until tonight, June 20 at midnight, EDT. That doesn’t leave you much time. So if you want in, best hurry, Pokey, and do this: 1. Go to the URL below 2. Read the letter carefully to make an informed purchase 3. Use code WILLIS at the checkout (Make sure you see the price change before entering your info) http://www.EmailPlayers.com/salesliloquies1 Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA