# How to pre-test headlines without spending a dime

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 09 May 2025 11:44:51 +0000
**ID:** 196b4dce5bbf0bd6
---

A few years ago: One of my Email Players subscribers said he wanted to know more about how to write emails and sales copy in a way where it’s hard for people to tell they are even being “sold” until the very end, and then they feel they need to buy whatever it is you are selling. There are lots of ways to do this. And the old time copywriting masters from the Mad Men agency business had this practically down to a science. Especially the great Norman B. Norman. I’ve known about him for over 20 years and have used one of his more powerful tricks ever since. My favorite was called: “Knock-Knocks” This was based on how those guys did market research. Which, incidentally, was door-to-door. In fact, some of these agencies were so fanatical about market research sometimes everyone from the executives and President of the company to the office secretary would have to take part in these door-to-door market research adventures. i.e., everyone had to know the market. And a Knock-Knock was a hypothetical where when they had a new client, they’d ask themselves: “If I was dropped in a neighborhood full of people who would be interested in a product like this, what would I say — cold, door-to-door — to not only get someone to not shoo me away, but practically yank me inside to tell them more?” That was the basic gist of it, and Mad Men guy Walter Bregman used this as an example: Their ad agency got a client for a detergent. And someone at the lab said, in an off- hand remark: “This thing works just as good in cold water as it does in hot water.” In those days the hot water recapture speeds were a lot slower, and that was an inherently fascinating sales appeal to housewives. Thus, the idea of being able to do the laundry for a family of 5 or whatever in way less time was appealing. Which is where the Knock-Knock came in. They could imagine knocking on the door and simply saying: “This works as well in cold water as hot water” She’d make the connection easily enough. And apparently, in that particular instance, sales were off the chart. The only problem was, it was not a very good product. And so they also set a new record for product recalls. Which is another lesson in and of itself… The bad news? Door-to-door market research isn’t practical anymore for most. The good news? There are some ways to do it online. And I show you an example you can very likely “model” almost as-is in in many ways, inside: “Mad Men Copywriting Secrets” I originally gifted it to Email Players subscribers last year (to celebrate the newsletter’s 150th issue). And it’s an oversized (in physical size and word count) issue that exists outside the continuity of the main issues — and contains some of my favorite of those old Mad Men methods. It’s also something I’m making available for sale to the masses, along with an extremely valuable bonus (see the PS below) until tonight, Friday 5/9 at midnight EDT. Anyway, you can learn more about it here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/madmen Ben Settle P.S. As for the bonus, it’s called: "The Swipestream Vol 1” A few of the tips inside include: * How to make your emails look so personal people will probably reply back to you thinking you wrote just to them and not your list. (You can do away with amateur hour email goo-roo tricks like putting “Re:” or “fwd:” in the subject line or “sent from iPhone” and do this instead.) * An old kung fu trick for getting unlimited ideas (for offers, copy, emails, content, nearly anything you sell) that beats fapGPT, Grok, or any other AI all to hell. * The rather creepy reason why parents (no matter how attention starved, narcissistic, or clout-obsessed they are) should avoid putting their kids’ pics online, and especially on social media. (Nothing really to do with selling or marketing — and probably nobody who happily butchers their kids’ privacy, dignity, and safety for likes & props by putting them online will care about this, but you never know…) * A shrewd old school negotiation secret (most will admittedly never have the balls to do) for making all your advertising far more credible and believable — as well as far more likely to get higher quality customers, clients, and new business. * Advice to businesses starting from scratch in a niche where you are completely unknown. * Why “beNeFitS!” are not the most important part of your advertising… and two things that are far more likely to nab you sales you should be focusing on in stead. (The problem is, these two things are not “sexy” and it takes work to use them. Thus, lazy bum copywriters never bother.) *A headline formula to use if you sell to jaded and frustrated prospects that I have yet to see not work like gangbusters. And that’s just a small sip. You can read more of what’s inside at the link. Also, very important: You’ll need a smart phone or iPad to access this bonus. So keep that in mind before buying this offer if you want this bonus. Here’s the link again: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/madmen This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA