# The secret of “slob hero” copywriting

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 16 May 2025 12:44:06 +0000
**ID:** 196d920e55041018
---

I recently read an article about Bruce Willis that got me to thinking about what is perhaps the most profitable copywriting insight never told. Or what I like to call: “slob hero” copywriting Here’s what I mean: Bruce Willis was the quintessential 'slob hero' as I heard comicbook writer Chuck Dixon call it. i.e. the normal, everyday slob guy, flawed, human, regular build & height… the guy who does the job because nobody else will, and not for fame, glory, revenge, or to get laid. A lot of super profitable direct response ads are about this slob hero archetype. Real life example: I had a copywriting client known for his rich, party guy, and lavish lifestyle selling in a professional business niche. He is either an elder Millennial or at the tail end of Gen X like me, but his core market was boomers. These 60-65 year old professionals he was selling to couldn't care less about his flashy and exciting lifestyle. They literally went to bed at night worried about how to keep their own modest professional lifestyles from shrinking beneath their feet. So I deliberately started with my client's humble beginnings. And it talked about when his life sucked and he was broke, etc. When I showed it to him he balked. He didn't want his people to see that side. He wanted the sales letter to go with his exciting cars & houses lifestyle. Something I still think was a big mistake. Nobody coming to him ice cold (on a warm list it'd have been fine) cared, and probably would roll their eyes at this young man who’s always out living it up, having fun, publicly counting his money… who they had nothing in common with, and who was probably almost half their age in some cases. In other words: A guy who was coming off more like the business equivalent of a breathing special effect like Sly or Arnold than a slob hero like Bruce Willis. In my opinion, ego was my client's biggest enemy. So what did I do? If I'd done it his way, to ice cold leads, I have zero doubt it'd have bombed, probably with me getting the blame. So instead, I created a slob hero out of one of his customers, by telling his true story - not my client's story - as narrated by my client, though, about how my client helped him. Not ideal but "better" in the good/better/best chain. The result? Not long after running cold traffic to it, he sent me a message saying his tests showed he made a sale ($999 offer, if I remember right) for every $150 in ad spend. You can do the math on that and come to your own conclusions as if it worked or not. So yes, slob hero copy works if selling to normies. The fancy lifestyle copy had its day, but even then (back when I wrote the above ad) slob hero copywriting still worked better on those kinds of leads. A lot of brands want people to see them as Arnold, Sly, Statham....guys who are larger than life - but slob hero Bruce Willis is who most identify with, connect with, believe in more, and, yes, buy from. Even if (especially if) it makes the advertising less flashy & dash. Obviously this is not always the case. But it is in an awful lot of circumstances. And with the current random economic pullbacks, this will probably be even more the case. So anyway, do what you want with this info. But if you want my full approach to copywriting, see my Copy Slacker book. It’s still on sale a little longer (until Sunday, 5/18 at midnight EDT) at a fat discount if you use the code below. And you can read more about it here: Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/slacker Use code: ROPER at the checkout. Make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA