# virtual cuck ghosts

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 06 Jun 2025 03:45:08 +0000
**ID:** 1974357e52c7aa2b
---

Let’s talk about the virtual cuck ghost folder. I think anyone who hears from trolls and low IQ reply guys should have one. And this is where you create a rule in your email reader to send anyone who haunts your inbox with mindlessly stupid snark, lies, drive-by insults, etc right into trash. Then, every now and then, check it out to see who’s wriggling around in there. Sometimes you’ll find multiple amusing wall-of-text replies from some dorklord who clearly put a lot of time into writing them, but his emails are just sitting there, unread, with them no doubt declaring victory to themselves even though you didn't even see much read it. The entertainment factor alone is worth it. I showed a glimpse of the virtual cuck ghost folder in my Settleheads Facebook group not long ago. But one of my favorite virtual cuck ghosts sent me this ditty before being banished a while back: === Reading the Bible. Waste of fkin time. Oof. What a list of charities…lol. looks like you are into the BuyBull and Republican Jesus. You’re obviously uneducated with the belief system of a child. Grow up. The Bible? 😂😂😂😂😂😂 You’re a Bible Thumper? Yes. You are a idiot! === Best part: The creepy little virtual cuck ghost was mocking a list of charities that literally: * Help abused & molested children * Rescue abandoned & mistreated animals * Give financial assistance to single & pregnant teen moms who live on the street * Provide legal & other counsel to people/businesses who are routinely harassed, threatened, and imprisoned by government bureaucrats The little virtual cuck ghost wasn’t totally useless, though. As it got me to thinking about copywriting, marketing, & business lessons embedded in the Bible. And those thoughts were later written down into a special Email Players “Annual” edition (that exists outside the continuity of the main issues) called: “Copywriting Conversations with God” It has some of my favorite of those lessons for your business to profit from. And they can work for your business whether you’re a sinner or saint, or even if you’re turning on the rotisserie like my pal above probably is who sounds like he hates women and children as much as he hates God. Anyway, I’m now selling this annual collectible edition to the public. And here are a few of the tips inside this 68-page annual issue: * A line in the book of Exodus that is, word-for-word, arguably the single most profitable marketing lesson ever written. (I first learned about this in 1999 when selling MLM and foolishly ignored it. But when I got into daily emails years later, it helped propel my business forward in ways and at a speed that, speed that, frankly, I still don't believe sometimes..) * How to trick your trolls & haters into ramping up your email inbox deliverability… and without them even realizing it. * Denzel Washington’s creepy insight into whether trolls and reply guys are just assholes or are actually possessed by demons. * The CS Lewis method to converting scoffers, doubters, and even hostile unbelievers in your offers to becoming some of your best and most loyal customers/clients. * A little-talked about way (discovered by brain scientists some years back, I believe, but don’t quote me on that) to write headlines and subject lines that are almost neurologically impossible to ignore. * The angry boomer secret Jesus Christ used to go viral - where people told everyone they knew about Him, spread the word about Him, and got people talking about Him. (I don’t know if he does it on purpose, but I notice Dan Kennedy does the exact same thing these days.) * A secret way of using Biblical genealogies to find out if a guru you want to buy from or hire is full of crap or not. * Persuasion secret of an Old Testament prophet who converted a bunch of devil worshippers who wanted to kill him. * How to get away with teaching and saying controversial things on woke and converged platforms (like YouTube, Facebook, the ever-growing list of ESPS, etc) that kick people off for saying anything that goes against the Narrative. * A Biblical persuasion method Jesus taught in the book of Luke that, 2000 years later, Bruce Barton (son of a preacher and the second “B” in the billion dollar BBDO advertising agency) used to convince US Steel to keep paying his company through the nose for advertising when they insisted on killing the contract. * The ingenious secret Jesus used to create the biggest and most influential religion in world history that has also been used by a controversial filmmaker to create some of the biggest and most influential films in cinema history. * A powerful secret for growing a better and more response email list that Old Testament farmers used for growing better and more abundant crops. * A totally violent & disturbing copywriting tactic that works like gangbusters to get attention… but that you should avoid reading if you have a weak stomach. * Ezekiel’s “dung eating” lesson for how to sell with stealth - and in a way that can work far better than just lobbing benefits and claims at your list. * What Genesis chapter 5 teaches about how to preserve your business and protect it from being “Rings of Power’d” by your heirs. * An eerie red flag (straight out of the book of John) to look for if you want to identify the rats, bad actors, and other treacherous “Judas” types when choosing who to do business with. * What to do if you want to “exorcise” trolls and reply guys off your list. (Hint: Jesus, the Apostles, and Old Testament figures were never “nice” to evil - they always got rough with them, cast them out, rebuked them, and in Old Testament days even beheaded them!) * What the Bible says about how to go from always being scared of what’s going on in the world to having the world scared of you. * The violent lesson found right inside the book of Revelation about having a tight, responsive, and profitable email list. * One word that can help rile up large segments of your list (and it’s not even profanity) when you have to get their attention and nothing else you try works. * Advice to businesses who sell MLM offers who don’t want to be shunned and laughed at by friends, family, and peers from a little old lady nobody had ever heard of who had celebrities swarming around her at parties, almost desperate for her attention. Anyway, there’s a lot more in this 68-page “Annual” edition. And you can read it inside Email Players Annual #3: Copywriting Conversations With God if you stretch out thine hand and smasheth thou this link before Sunday, 6/8 at midnight EDT: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/convo Ben Settle P.S. As for the bonus, it’s called: "The Stefania Files: Vol 5” These are three “back room”-style candid - and at times heated & antagonistic - conversations between Stefania and me about copywriting, marketing, email, and business. It is all raw, with nothing held back - the kind of talks we have privately when nobody is around, except I pushed record on my phone and let 'em rip this time. (NOTE: You will need a smart phone or iPad to access this bonus - see below for details.) A few of the tips inside include: * Why you should probably ignore most “Agora” copywriters who talk about their test results. (Personally, I am more likely to do the opposite of what any of their writers say - and it hasn’t failed me yet.) * A controversial thing Vogue magazine does to make all kinds of extra revenue that most info marketers are terrified of even testing much less doing. * Why snobby, overly pedantic copywriters who never use a passive voice in their ads are probably losing out on a lot of engagement, response, and sales. (Fun fact: the first page of The Hobbit is rife with passive voice - so are a lot of best-selling books. There’s a reason for that which also can help make sales copy more powerful, too.) * A secret technique you can apply after approximately every 10th bullet point in long copy sales letters to help keep reader attention, engagement, and interest. * A quickie, “idiot’s guide” (I use in my own long form ads and nearly all my emails) to balance copy with just the right amount of information and sales pitch to help nab more engagement and sales. * How swiping so-called “boiler plate” legalese and disclaimers can potentially get you sued out of house and home! (No joke - there are, from what I understand, attorneys who literally wait for cheap skates to rip off their legal disclaimers. It can be almost like a profit center for them!) * Why one of my highest converting sales letter headlines (for my elBenbo Press book) almost makes no sense but works anyway. * How purposely frustrating book readers can make the content more engaging and more likely to be used, benefited from, and referred to other potential customers. * How to “slip” proof & credibility into your sales copy without boring the reader or taking away from the drama & excitement. * Why it can be a sales-murdering mistake to NOT use big and even complex words in your sales copy. (HINT: If the silly “only use 4th grade reading level words” was true, then the late, great Jim Rutz would never have written any of his numerous legendary controls - including even probably when selling to lower IQ markets.) And that’s just for starters. You can read more of what’s inside at the link. Also, very important: You’ll need a smart phone or iPad to access this bonus. So keep that in mind before buying this offer if you want this bonus. Here’s the link again: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/convo This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA