# Advice to a copywriting fraud

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 09 Jul 2025 13:44:56 +0000
**ID:** 197ef6ebcf093814
---

He asks: === I'm in a bit of a dilemma. I have a following of 5K+ and I talk about copywriting and mindset But here's the thing: I've been developing my skills as a copywriter for over a year but I haven't got any results yet with my skills as I don't plan on working with clients (I plan on building my own list and sell my own thing so I'm not looking for clients) I feel like I'm a fraud posting on social media about copy when I haven't got results, only skills. What should I do? Change to a singular niche like mindset and become an absolute maestro on that topic whilst developing my skills behind social media? Note: Mindset is also something I'm extremely passionate about. === My opinion: Yes, sell mindset. Grow your own email list, create your own great offers (or find great offers) to sell to that list, and be your own client. Think less in terms of selling and more on serving. This is the first step in my Client-less Copywriter methodology anyway - asking the question: “Who do you want to serve?” Not “what do I sell?” Not “where’s the money?” Not “what niche or market should I focus on?” No. First you ask: “Who do I want to SERVE?” Now, who you want to serve may not have money or there may not be very many of them or they may not be buyers of direct response, and a whole other factors beyond your control. So you might not be able to grow a strong business around it. And that is okay. Just keep going until you do find people you want to serve and who do fit the above and you’re good. I don’t really know much about the mindset market. But I do know and teach a “formula” for figuring this out. I call it: “The One Sentence Business Plan” And it’s the beating heart of my Client-less Copywriter methodology. Go through that, and go through it with forward intent and a legitimate desire to serve - not just “sell” - and a lot of things fall into place, in my experience. It’s something I wish someone had handed me 25 years ago, frankly. It’d probably have shortcut my own journey by well over a decade, I suspect. Anyway, Client-less Copywriter is on sale until Friday at midnight EDT. And it’s the exact framework I used to go from being a freelance licking client boots to being my own client, running my own show, and having a helluva lot more fun & being able to write the copy I want vs being forced to filter everything through a committee of chuckleheads who all contradicted each other, screwed up the copy, thought they could point the finger at me if something went wrong. I can only imagine how frustrating this is now during the “AI” gold rush. Whatever the case: Client-less Copywriter is on sale today. And you can read more about it right here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/clientless Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA