# Creepy Joe's prostate problems

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 24 May 2025 11:24:05 +0000
**ID:** 19702095f6b87d7b
---

Since both Creepy Joe Biden & Scott Adams announced having advanced prostate cancer: Following are some brain farts on the subject. Especially since over the years an ever-growing handful of people on my list have asked (and even recently have asked) about it due to my time selling in the prostate problem niche. None of this is medical advice, of course. One would truly be a fool to take medical advice from me, anyway. But here goes: 1. My dad's side of the family is cursed with prostate problems - Dad, uncle, grandpa all have/had prostate cancer and/or problems 2. My dad says he remembers an ambulance showing up in the middle of the night many times when he was growing up to take my grandpa to the hospital from prostate problems 3. I had some kind of prostate issue when I was 30, but was in a dark place financially and had no money for doctors or insurance 4. I let it "fester" for nearly two years before addressing it 5. What helped clear it up ("it" most likely just being a very mild prostate infection) was taking a supplement that is no longer for sale sold by a guy named Plato Rosinke 6. I've been super vigilant about this for 20 years getting quarterly PSA blood tests, and so far the family curse has bypassed me as far as that test goes - my numbers are exemplary especially for a guy my age 7. Still, it is never far from my mind the older I get, and motivated me to probe the prostate niche back in 2010, which I stopped selling in due to time and, also, a lack of interest in selling in it 8. The specter of prostate problems on my mind even made it into my Enoch Wars novels - specifically my Fezziwig character 9. He's a crotchety 5,500 year old vampire who is racked with 21st century health problems, and debilitating pain to the point of being suicidal - especially due to his prostate - with his only source of fun being to torture his long-suffering concubine 10. Personally I believe in and adhere to the trope that genetics load the gun but lifestyle pulls the trigger 11. And keeping a low inflammation lifestyle is a good idea if you suffer from or are worried about prostate problems 12. My prostate problem info publishing biz admittedly had better advertising than products, which is why I lost interest in it 13. When it comes to overall health you will probably waste a lot of time and money and suffer a lot more frustration by majoring in the minors 14. I doubt anyone's prostate problems were originally created by being born with a Flo max or other drug deficiency 15. If you are a man and apathetic about this topic Google TURP surgery and you won't be Good luck.. Since I mentioned Fezziwig the vampire: My Enoch Wars novels heavily feature that crotchety old bastard - and he is easily the most popular character in the series. He has even gotten his own “fan mail.” I remember when I first conceived of him: back in 2014, right after having published the first novel Zombie Cop, and during one of our Oceans 4 Masterminds I co-hosted at the time. This one was in Las Vegas. And one of the clients was Jim Clair, who worked for Tao of Badass at the time. And we were at a restaurant with all the clients, and I started telling Jim (who had written a rave review about Zombie Cop) about my idea of the sequel featuring an old, miserable, crotchety, right-wing talk show listening vampire plagued with prostate and other modern health problems. Always in pain, but can't really die do to being a vampire. While I was speaking, we heard a commercial by Samuel Adams’ beer called: "Old Fezziwig: And I practically jumped out of my seat and shouted: “That’s his name - Fezziwig!” And Jim then helped me further flesh out the character by exaggerating & warping all Fezziwig’s attributes and especially his politics (saying stuff like, “That Hitler was such a liberal!” "Genghis Kahn was such a commie!"). And before long, the entire table was listening in, many roaring in laughter, as Jim and I acted the character out. I don’t know if that story can help you business or not. But I can tell you this: Many of my best ideas for everything from fiction to sales copy to emails to headlines, ways to word my calls to action, and the list goes on... are born from “stray” ideas that come from out of nowhere. Next month, for example, I am selling an offer and there is a short phrase in the headline that changes the entire complexion of the idea, makes it stand out more, and creates Vision as I talked about in yesterday’s email... all from something I heard Stefania’s mom (via Stefania) talking about someone she knows who is “too evil to die” (her words). There is also another phrase she used to describe this particular evil woman. And I use that term in the headline. Ideas are everywhere. You need only pay attention, receive them, express them uniquely. Terminally online AI dorklords don't want to hear that, of course. They want to "brainstorm" with their AI girlfriends instead of with life, people, the market itself. And that's why nobody outside LinkedIn comment bots & grifters really cares what they think anyway. Whatever the case, if my Enoch Wars novels interest you, you can read the first book in the saga (Zombie Cop) free in the Enoch Wars mobile app (you will need a smart phone or iPad to access it) - where it is in eBook, audio book, and even screenplay format if’n that is your thing. I also have other writing and business tips in there, too. It's quite a world unto itself. And it's all free for the accessing here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/enochwars Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA