# Copywriting training advice for when funds are tight

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 14 Jul 2025 21:15:06 +0000
**ID:** 1980acacaf5dba96
---

Came a question: === ...What do you see as the best place for a beginner with no experience to start learning/practicing? I am willing to buy your material but i can’t help but to think ‘is this really the right place to start or is Ben’s material something i need to build up to?’. I’m 28, wife and kid, working 80 hours a week (forklift jobs) and have finally decided that i am ready to start copywriting. I have no experience and i want to learn from the best so i can get trained right the first time. Thank you. === Assuming funds are tight with no time for fluff: 1. Forget my stuff except my Crypto Copywriting Secrets (nothing to do with crypto currency) Kindle book 2. Read free and/or inexpensive copywriting books from PRE-internet (not any of us online guys) copywriters like Dan Kennedy, Claude Hopkins, John Caples, Halbert's Boron Letters, Robert Bly, Marcia Yudkin, Joe Vitale's 7 Lost Secrets of Success, Vic Schwab, David Ogilvy, etc 3. Take profits from writing copy based on their work to buy the pricier training 4. A copywriting education should pay for itself, with your only 'seed money' being $10 or $15 to get your first book 5. Ignore the grifters shilling "AI" for writing copy and learn the fundamentals - there are no shortcuts. When you get that far, you'll see further. That’s my opinion on it. If you want more of this sort of thing, see my free Settleheads Facebook group: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/settleheads Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA