# Everytime a bell rings a rabbit IQ copywriter gets his wings

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 07 Dec 2025 16:50:12 +0000
**ID:** 19af9b8921a4ed0e
---

I believe Frank Capra’s movie “It’s A Wonderful Life” is not only one of the greatest Christmas movies ever made (after Stallone’s “Cobra”)… but is also one of the most profitable movies for a copywriter to watch, too. There are, after all, many lessons embedded within. The most valuable of which is at the beginning: It starts with a bunch of people praying for George Bailey who is contemplating killing himself. And some angels are discussing how important it is to stop him from doing that particularly dastardly deed. After a little back and forth, they decide to pick a bumbling, "rabbit IQ" (their description) angel named Clarence, who’s eager to help so he can earn his wings. But before he can help, the angel Joseph tells Clarence to sit down. When Clarence asks why, Joseph says: “If you're going to help a man, you want to know something about him, don't you?” And so it is with copywriters. Most copywriters behave like Clarence: They get an assignment or an idea for an ad, and then rush off half cocked to start writing copy to earn their wings… without taking ANY time to get to know the customer they’re writing to and wanting to help by selling them the client’s offer. Or, even if they do, they bungle the research, like using ever-hallucinating,“pull random made up info out of its arse” so-called AI to do it, and end up going off on tangents and listing benefits their readers couldn’t possibly care less about. The result: The cash register doesn't ring and they don’t earn them righteous wings. Enter my Copy Slacker book on sale for the next 12-hours only: The copywriting research methods I use in every project is just one of many things it teaches. But research is the “feed sack.” If you open a feed sack by grabbing the string and pulling, without intent, it rips down the middle and everything pours out, chaotically, and is impossible to put back in, with a perpetual mess that makes you look like an amateur. But, pull it correct, neatly, across the top: And everything is clean, smooth, correct. No mess, no chaos, no so-called AI hallucinations. Copywriters more worried about efficiency than effectiveness, more obsessed with “saving time” vs making their clients and themselves more sales, more obsessed with a lazy way to do things instead of the right way, still chasing “what’s working now!” vs what’s working... will not get much value from this book. They could use it so smash spiders or as a door stop, maybe, I suppose. Otherwise, it’ll have zero value to them. Nor will anything else I sell, for that matter. All right, enough Repulsion Marketing for the soul: You can read more about the book at the URL below. During today’s 12-hour “Seasons Emailings” Sale, you can have it at a 25% discount off the listed price on the sales page until midnight tonight (Sunday, 12/7) EST, which is coming up lickety split. Details here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/slacker Use code CLARENCE at the checkout (where it says “Add Referral Code”) for the discount, and make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA