# 2 secrets to having surreal discipline and focus

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 28 Sep 2025 00:15:05 +0000
**ID:** 1998dae152e4b90f
---

In July, I was asked by an Email Players subscriber: == How do you personally stay committed, focused, and disciplined with what you do? With copywriting/marketing, for example, you write email/sales copy your "way" and don't jump to VSL techniques, AI, social media, or anything else that doesn't go in line with your principles. You build and mail your list your "way" -- and that's the way it's going to be. You have a level of commitment that I admire and would like to replicate. But my head gets turned and I often derail myself from projects/tasks, instead of going deeper into the same project. I've had Email Players for many years, but I can guarantee I would be a better copywriter, marketer, and business person if I committed more to learning/applying everything. I don't know, but you seem like you often turn down good and even great ideas, so you can pursue things your "way". Like when you turned down speaking at Funnel Hacking Live a few years back. To me that seemed crazy, but it makes a lot more sense now. You're just incredibly focused and don't deviate, no matter what. I'm not sure if the answer is "you either have it or you don't" or if this level of discipline/focus is something you developed over the years. I know this is a weakness of mine, so just trying to improve. == It’s probably the #1 weakness of most marketing boys & ghouls. Stefania & I discuss this quite a bit at home - as she is also in the same boat, and is fascinated with my tunnel vision, ability to not only ignore but show contempt for bull shyte like the FOMO-driven so-called AI Narrative, as well as other fads, trends, and popular bright shiny objects of the day. I did the exact same thing when the social media bubble started. I got on social in 2008. Saw the FOMO hype and pretend experts saturating the internet suddenly. Knew something was rotten in Denmark, and waited. And then I waited... And waited... And waited some more... Then, when that particular bubble deflated, and the social media gold rush phase winding down around 2016’ish... with the pretend ex-spurts gone irrelevant, the hype died off, the lies exposed, and what was legitimately useful about it obvious... I created what was easily one of the most - maybe even the most - rabidly engaged Facebook community in my niche called elBenbo’s Lair. And it was built by doing practically the exact opposite of all the social media ex-spurts. I have an entire book dedicated to that called Social Lair. And I’ll probably do the same with so-called AI when its gold rush phase is over. But that’s assuming there is anything to use. I have my suspicions about the short life span of it - at least with generative so-called AI - that I will write about later probably in Email Players. Especially as the corporate AI Narrative your favorite influencers and goo-roos quote chapter by chapter and verse by verse collapses as it has been doing. I know the AI bois will balk at that. But that's because they are terminally online in an echo chamber. Back to the above question. Two short answers to it: 1. I have long realized FOMO is an illusion, and is only real if you let it be, which I don’t 2. I build my business to suit MY Preferences I was indoctrinated with both almost 25-years ago from studying the great Dan Kennedy - who is also immune to FOMO and who is almost zealous about teaching people to build their businesses to suit their own preferences. I have a much longer answer to this I’ll be sharing in a couple months. But for now, I will just say this: My approach leads one to a more Sociologically-built business vs the typical guppie-brained direct response marketer’s psychologically-built approach of blindly chasing metrics (the ones you cannot control), “what’s working now”, or getting caught up in what some goo-roo is doing, saying, nattering on about while prancing around a mastermind stage to shill his latest nonsensical offer he pikes as shovel seller and not gold miner. Normies love chasing trends. And that’s why they get normal results, at best, as they mine for gold while the guys selling them the shovels make out like bandits, even as many of them don’t even do any mining themselves. It’s absolutely astonishing to me how few pick up on this sort of thing. If you want to test this yourself it’s easy: Look at your favorite goo-roos and/or so-called “influencers.” Are they actually practicing what they preach or just talking about it? Is, for example, your favorite goo-roo telling you email is dead, nobody uses email, and it’s better to use social/direct mail/whatever it is... and are they telling you this WITH email? Yes? Then they are full crap. If they are preaching using generative AI to write emails & copy but are not using said generative AI in their sales pitches, emails, and social media grandstanding posts, etc to write/create said messages... they are full of crap. If they are telling you to use VSL’s, but all their ads are text sales letters (or vice versa), they are full of crap. Yes, you can quote me on that. Drop whatever names you want, I don’t care. My respect for quite a few people has vanished like a virgin on prom night over this. I suspect the feeling is mutual, too, and that’s good. When the tides go out, we all get to see who’s been swimming naked. And there are gonna be a whole lot of nudists writhing around in the wet sand before this is all over. Mark my words and hold me to this, if you want. It may take a few years. These things often do until the dumb money speculators burn out or go broke. But it’s coming like the proverbial zombie winter in Game of Thrones. Personally, I am hoping it takes its time, though. Not only because I profit from this FOMO-induced phenomenon when I trade options using our Low Stress Trading framework, but our Low Stress Trading company itself is soaking it all up, profiting from it all, and without actually using any of the so-called AI to do it. That company’s growth is surreal. Frankly, it’s almost unbelievable. So much so, we have to hold back when discussing it. I keep saying we have done something like 400% growth in just the last year alone, but it’s likely higher than that, and is not even talking about the enormous growth the two years prior, or the crazy 8-figure (no exaggeration) growth forecasted for next year if things go the way they have been, which so far is on completely track, and with barely any paid advertising as of yet. When we crack that it'll be a downright otherworldly. A lot of this, admittedly, has to do with the “boring” stuff. * Having a solid offer that actually works * In a hungry market * With customers that love to REFER other customers... * And, just as important... all within a Sociological Marketing Format vs the typical direct marketing psychological format all the books, courses, goo-roos, seminars, and programs teach, advocate, only know how to think about. This does not happen in a vacuum. Frankly, having the most rabidly engaged & successful & “referral-happy” customer base I have ever witnessed in nearly 25 years up in this business (it was the main reason I invested in the company - originally I had no desire to trade, I just knew it would be a sensation due to the rabidly engaged community, it was surreal to see even when it was smaller) is more important than goosing up “response” by 10% of 20%. Or whatever it’d be. I have no idea, nor do I care, because, again, it ain’t about that. More: We even get referrals from people who have NOT bought. Real life example: This past July my mom and step dad Rick stayed here at the house for a week to celebrate my birthday. And Troy (whose mom lives an hour away) was here hanging out with us telling Rick about Low Stress Trading. Rick is a cautious guy. And he's typical of some of our more successful students in as much as they tend to take some time to make the decision. That is another thing totally okay with us, and even preferred by us, that the psychological “mEtrICs! marketing mind probably can’t comprehend. Our typical buying cycle is 90 days. Many have to listen to a live training as many as 5, 6, even 7 times before buying. A lot of our best clients take months, even over a year. It even took ME a couple years. I remember when Troy was first experimenting with his trading Framework, before he was even thinking of teaching it, trying to get me to try it, and I just did not have the bandwidth at the time - such is life - to jump in. I still sold (referred) it to my own list. Because I don’t bet on the offer, I bet on the person. And Troy has never led me astray in any of our deals. In my step dad Rick’s case: He was traveling for a few weeks after visiting, and was at his daughter’s house. And he called me to say he had not yet watched some videos Troy sent him, but his son-in-law is interested after he told him about it. And that is not an isolated incidence. It’s not all that uncommon for people who have NOT yet joined to tell others about us. Just a very surreal thing. This, again, is NOT a function of metrics, what’s working now, or spreadsheets like psychological marketing is based on. Nor is it based on sales tricks & chokes, or using high pressure, predatory methods to cram $10,000 upsells down anyone’s throats, and constantly having to churn out new offers as old offers become obsolete. The ideas behind our offer is not even “new.” It’s essentially based on ideas invented in 300 BC. We don’t sell it due to sex appeal via psychological marketing format. We sell it via a Sociological Format we use, and don’t panic sell, don’t get caught up in FOMO, and don’t obsess over metrics we cannot control. We focus strictly on what we CAN control: offer, customer Experience, service, daily emails, weekly calls, selling our flagship offers to buyers (who have bigger appetites than just wanting to use the main Framework, totally optional, with no pressure from us) who want more offers, and “stacking” multiple continuity/subscription offers on top of the main offer when it makes sense. All of which brings me to the October Email Players issue. Sociological marketing is how I run my book & newsletter, company, too, But the October issue walks you through the big highlights of the Low Stress Trading Sociological-marketing approach. Some may wonder why I would “give all the secrets away!” but they are missing the point. There are no secrets. Much like the trading Framework Low Stress Trading teaches, the Sociological Format we use to sell with is no big mystery, no secret handshakes needed, easily observed for free, if you want. All I do in the October issue is arrange it all. And, I do it in a way I believe most anyone can use, model, adapt. I wish more companies did what we do. Just like I wish more companies used email the way I teach. But alas... neither is exciting, Neither is “new.” And neither are celebrated by the masses. But for those who aren't AI-tarded, and who are willing to resist FOMO, and resist chasing “what’s working now!” vs what’s working, and resist the urge to follow the crowd rushing towards a cliff from which there is no return will be able to apply - or want to apply - this info inside. Maybe that sounds like almost an anti-sales pitch. But, that, too, is part of Sociological marketing as explained inside. There’s a whole other World out there for marketers who want to see it. If that’s you, then the October Email Players issue can give you a front row seat to it. In this email, and the other emails I’ve sent about this so far, I’ve given you glimpses. Inside the October issue I pull back lots of curtains, so you don’t have to try to figure it all out yourself, including the psychology, strategy, and approach. More on the specifics in the P.S. below. To subscribe before the deadline go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s a righteous peek at what’s inside October Email Players issue: * How using porn-o disgraced two of the most brilliant direct marketers who ever walked the face of the Earth. (You can still learn a lot from these two - even if it’s a what-NOT-to-do situation.) * A sneaky storytelling secret used by a soap opera that’s been running non-stop for 62 YEARS... that can make it hard for customers to resist engaging with & buying your offers. * A real life example for how to “stack” 2, 3, 4, even 5 or more subscription/continuity offers without suffering from withering churn or burning customers out. * The “Jenny Factor” secret used by Walt Disney that can dramatically cut down on churn and dramatic sales dips - even during bad economies. * How to (100% legally & ethically) use a method perfected by an abusive, cult-like 1970’s self-help group to get so many more affiliates sales it will probably legitimately freak you out! (It freaked us out a bit, at least, when we started implementing it...) * What to if you’re kind of an off-putting jerk & arsehole but want to build good will and strong customer relationships. * A powerful sales conversion secret David Ogilvy discovered in the 1940’s (when working in the movie business) that can work even better for online businesses today. * An ingenious lead gen trick used by the world’s largest TV ministry (beamed into some 20-30 million households per day for the last 40 years) to rake in more revenue than they know what to do with... and without without begging (if anything they literally mock beggars), fundraisers, passing plates, or emotionally blackmailing people. * The startling discovery behind the most profitable marketing “funnel” that has probably ever been invented. * Why our Chief software developer Pedro (a true savant whose used his coding skills to build a platform for brain cancer research at a major university, if that tells you something...) refuses to code with so-called AI. (If anything, our business that has done over 400% growth in the last year, is hiring MORE developers even as everyone else is foolishly firing their teams to “save money.”) * A shrewd secret for growing a better and more responsive email list used by Old Testament farmers to grow better and more abundant crops. * The controversial “F-bomb” secret behind the enormous success of some of the most successful brands in history. (Including from beloved children TV hosts/authors like Mister Rogers and Dr. Seuss... to the most reviled church on the planet, polarizing filmmakers, late night talk show hosts and more. If they are/were big, chances are they did this F-bomb trick hardly any online businesses do.) * Advice to frustrated freelance copywriters who see clients doing dumb shyt all the time that only makes your job harder and response lower. * Ten people to study and model for World-Building to create a business people love to enter and hate to leave. (In my experience you will learn far more about growing a business observing these 10 people - many who aren’t/weren’t even “businesses” - than you will from some goo-roo prancing around a seminar stage or mastermind room.) * Insider secrets for potentially making more sales & more profits by NOT using 1-click upsells. * Why obsessing over direct marketing jargon like LTV, CPL, CPA, CPC, CTR, CAC... is a recipe for frustration, churn, & failure. (And what my businesses do that can create far more joy, peace of mind, and, yes, consistent cash flow.) * The “tyranny of metrics” phenomenon that can cause otherwise brilliant brands to make colossally stupid decisions, piss off all their customers, and even outright collapse almost overnight! * Why “selling the click” in emails (like spammers all do) is amateur hour at best... and what works far better to make sales, grow relationships, and create life time customers. * Why you should be ultra-skeptical of any SaaS offer that is NOT a subscription model. (Screw it. I might as well just give this one away here: People bitch & moan about subscriptions... but all them new development features, updates, and bug fixes ain’t gonna pay for themselves. Avoid cheapskates if you sell software, and everyone will be happier - including people who DON’T buy because it’s an “oh noes!” subscription.) * How to potentially create a customer base so rabid and “in heat” to support your business that cheerfully and aggressively refers almost everyone they know to you. * Why the vast majority of “name” goo-roos you see are not that great of marketers... just great at building audiences. (No need to take my word for it, simply observe them - especially the ones shilling so-called AI suddenly. It’s not like they hide this fact. More on this inside.) * How to make a bundle of new sales by deliberately NOT spending a lot of time on launch strategy, sales copy, emails, or campaigns. * A totally “counterintuitive” way one of my businesses uses to recruit the best affiliates in our network (Including one who recently put in over 500+ new members into our $1,000 up front, $100/month offer recently, with a couple more seriously interested who could very well dwarf that. You do the math...) * How to help figure out what business you are “really” in to create long term wealth far beyond what you ever could dream of now. Something to know before reading further: This inner game approach I teach inside has been used by everyone from Trump and Walt Disney to companies like Subway and Starbucks. We’ve been using it, for example, in our software business to be on track to make more cash flow/sales over the next 5 years than from the offers we sell in the company. If you do nothing but read, understand, and apply this, it can pay for literally 100 YEARS of your Email Players subscription. No joke, and no exaggeration. This is the #1 most profitable thing I have ever learned (from Dan Kennedy). And I am passing it on to those who read the October Email Players issue. To subscribe in time while you still can go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA