# The sneaky persuasion secret in Mel Gibson's blockbuster movies

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 08 Jun 2025 14:44:21 +0000
**ID:** 197500024088415d
---

Many years ago the great John Carlton guest wrote one of Gary Halbert’s newsletters teaching the persuasive power of the number "3." Specifically: How embedded 3 is in response advertising, headlines, when listing benefits, multi-step campaigns, and even businesses like Disney and its characters (Mickey Mouse has 3 fingers, etc). Anyway, it was quite the issue. Another example (not mentioned in that issue) of this is A-list movie director/actor Mel Gibson, the guy who has directed several blockbuster movies like Braveheart, Hacksaw Ridge, Apocalypto, and, his “magnum opus” film: “The Passion of the Christ” Mel has secretly used this concept of “3’s” in his movies for decades. And, about 11 years ago, I was watching an interview of him talking about exactly how he used it. Including using this concept of 3 to make all his best, most successful films, how that number is “baked” into the process of making those films… and how he used this 3 idea in his films for his blockbuster hits. I don’t know where to find this documentary anymore. At the time it was on Netflix, if I remember right. But I did write down what he said, and I started to rapidly apply it to my own marketing. Especially in my emails. But it also is something I use in my fiction, too. Plus, when applicable, in sales copy, teaching, content creation, etc. It’s an extremely powerful bit of knowledge, to say the least. And you can read all about it starting on page 15 inside: “Email Players Annual #3: Copywriting Conversations With God” I originally gifted it to Email Players subscribers last August (to celebrate the newsletter’s 13-year anniversary). And it’s an oversized (in physical size and word count) 68-page issue that exists outside the continuity of the main issues - and contains some of my favorite copywriting & marketing tips inside the Bible. It’s also something I’m making available for sale to the masses, along with an extremely valuable bonus (see the PS below) until tonight, Sunday 6/8 at midnight EDT. Anyway, you can learn more about it here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/convo Ben Settle P.S. As for the bonus, it’s called: "The Stefania Files: Vol 5” A few of the tips inside include: * How to use Amazon’s own algorithms to help generate higher quality (and more likely to buy) leads for your business. * A simple question to ask yourself that can potentially very quickly (and, frankly, almost instantly) help you create the perfect title for your opt-in bribes. * What certain, very ordinary doctors do that gets them called geniuses that you can apply to your content. * A free way to find out if you secretly have a deadly disease circulating throughout your body right now! (Nothing to do with marketing and advertising. But you might find it useful if you care about living a longer, healthier, and more robust life.) * How to get people at masterminds to ignore everyone else’s books they want to give the room and only want to take your book home with them (while leaving everyone else’s books for hotel housekeeping to throw out.) * How to trick people into helping you (for free) not only happily do your market research for you… but also pre-test your advertising for you, too. * Why more and more supplement marketers are realizing they can nab higher sales by NOT offering auto-ship subscriptions. (If you sell supplements on auto-ship, test doing this instead, and see what happens.) * A headline template (I learned from Gary Halbert many years ago) that mentions zero benefits... yet is like a “nuclear option” for seizing engagement when all else fails. * A secret way to grow your email list without even sending any extra traffic to it. * A totally “passive” way to get peers, colleagues, customers, clients, and others who like your content to pay for the privilege of helping drive traffic & leads to your site! And that’s just for starters. You can read more of what’s inside at the link. Also, very important: You’ll need a smart phone or iPad to access this bonus. So keep that in mind before buying this offer if you want this bonus. Here’s the link again: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/convo This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA