# Who wins the fight: writers vs Publishers

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 11 Jul 2025 00:45:32 +0000
**ID:** 197f6f1e1e772c8f
---

Here are a few of the differences between writers and Publishers, and why one is far superior to the other: * writers exhaustedly chase media * Publishers shrewdly stack media * writers have to sometimes use tools (i.e., so-called AI) even if they don’t want to and it demonstrably makes their work look stupid * Publishers can select whatever tools they want, and can ignore what they don’t * writers have to do what client tell them to do even if it's not serving the market/customer because reasons * Publishers are their own client and can do whatever they want * writers are often at the mercy of trends and the vagaries of the crowd, whether it makes sense or not * Publishers can ride out, or even make their own, trends * writers are subject to government regulations (like communist - literally - California’s idiotic AB 5 some years ago, that almost drove a bunch of freelance writers right out of business with its 35-submission limit for freelance writers and other creative professionals, severely cutting down how much money they could earn). * Publishers are far less susceptible to such things for a variety of reasons the communist mind apparently can’t comprehend * writers have to think tactically and in the here & now (i.e., like a chef) * Publishers have to think strategically and long term (i.e. like a restaurant owner) * writers are totally expendable in a world awash in writers and, now, AI prompt fondlers * Publishers are the boss, can’t be replaced, unless, I suppose, they replace themselves * writers have a ceiling on their income * Publishers don’t have a ceiling on their income * writers can only sell their own work, if they stop working they stop selling * Publishers can sell their own writing as well as others’ writing (via licensing, hiring ghost writers, buying rights to IP, whatever), and so can keep earning even if they stop selling I’m not going to blow sunshine up your righteous skirt and say it’s “easy” to switch one’s mentality from being a trend-chasing writer to being a trend-creating publisher. If it was easy everyone would be doing it, just like anything else in business and in life. But, I daresay it can be worth it. Take, for example, Client-less Copywriter customer Robbin Timmers. He recently send me a mini case study for how he has use the program to: * Nab a low monthly 5-figures/month by combining client work + his being his own client * And doing it without doing a product launch * But when he does do product launches he says they earn him about €7K-20K a pop.) * Sending just the 2 emails paid for a recent holiday (he was currently enjoying while sending me his experiences using the program) while sipping sangria. * He said one email sold multiple seats for his coaching offer at over €1000 per spot. In his own words: “The ClientLess-Copywriter Lifestyle does taste sweet, indeed.” I can't say that is everyone's experience - nor is it most. This is hard work, after all, and there are never any guarantees in business. All I can do is teach you the framework. What you do with it, is up to you, based on you, how you express it (what you sell, your unique attributes, etc, it ain't paint-by-numbers), and whether you win or lose it'll be totally up to you. Very few people take any action in this game, it's mostly just talk. But I teach more about this Publisher v writer mentality inside Client-less Copywriter. Whatever the case: Client-less Copywriter is on sale until tomorrow, Friday 7/11 at midnight EDT. And it’s the exact framework I used to go from being a freelance licking client boots to being my own client, running my own show, and having a helluva lot more fun & being able to write the copy I want vs being forced to filter everything through a committee of chuckleheads who all contradicted each other, screwed up the copy, thought they could point the finger at me if something went wrong. I can only imagine how frustrating this is now during the “AI” gold rush. Whatever the case: Client-less Copywriter is on sale today. And you can read more about it right here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/clientless Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA