# Mystery behind one of the most successful self-defense niche ads ever written

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 06 Sep 2025 13:45:32 +0000
**ID:** 1991f47fcd054a60
---

Let me tell you a story about how I swiped my way into writing one of the single most successful ads ever written in the self defense niche. Here is what happened: At the time (2008) everyone in the self defense niche was in love with and obsessed over the ads - many truly great, and even the best ever written - inside Blackbelt Magazine. Reading that publication was practically a requirement to sell in that niche at at all. And chances are, if you wrote for that niche, you were told to read everything in Black Belt because that’s where lots of great copywriting was found. Just lots of really high level copywriting. I have many saved in my own swipe file to this day. And some are like masterpieces of copy. It was the playground where many copywriters loved hanging around, even if not selling in anything remotely close to the niche. And so in my first dip into that market (writing ads for one of my former teachers back in 2005), that was what I was studying and was influenced by, too. And those ads I wrote from studying “what’s working now” in Black Belt did okay. They certainly weren’t business-changing, though. Nor were they especially outstanding. But they got the job done. And those samples helped nab me many more copywriting gigs later on. Now “fast forward” a few years to 2008: I got a call out of the blue from Captain Chris. At that time he was, far as I know, hands down the biggest publisher in that niche. I don’t know what the exact numbers were. But it dwarfed all of the other self-defense info publishers, from what he told me at the time. He hired me to beat his 3 control ads which all basically pulled the same. All very “Black Belt Magazine”-like. So how would I beat those controls? The answer: By ignoring “what’s working now.” And, especially, ignoring all the Black Belt ads written by much better writers than myself. The way I saw it: A lot of the people who read Black Belt Magazine are hardcore into martial arts, and even in to specific styles of martial arts. Many were probably already married to a specific kind of style or fighting system or whatever. Many were also likely going to be a martial arts purist. When I train these days, I can tell you I’m a purist for the style in that sense, too. i.e., I’m in it for the art as well as the self-defense. And you can make a lot of sales selling to purists when the market’s big enough. But Captain Chris figured out a lil’ secret about that market. Being not just a great copywriter but also a great marketer… he was wise enough to have 10,000 of his best customers (not leads - paying customers) analyzed by the Nielsen company that figures out what TV shows are pulling the most viewers, and then publish that, and advertisers and TV stations base their ad rates on that data. They’re very, very good at crunching numbers and data for marketers. And they created this thing for Captain Chris called a Claritas Report. I don’t know how much money he ponied up to run 10,000 of his best clients through this thing. But I do know he got this thick document - like a book - back with everything he would ever want to know about his paying customers. And Captain Chris got on the phone with me and we went through it page-by-page, and point-by-point for a few hours. And it was obvious caring about “what’s working now” was stealing sales from himself. For example: He found out his 10,000 best customers were NOT reading Black Belt Magazine at all. They were not “in” to martial arts. And outside of watching a Bruce Lee movie or something on “Samurai Sunday” programs when they were teenagers… they wouldn’t have known the difference between kung fu and kung pao chicken. They didn’t know anything about anything when it came to martial arts outside of watching The Karate Kid or Ultimate Fighting. It simply wasn’t their world. These guys are high level, six figure plus earning weekend warriors. Doctors, lawyers, entrepreneurs, and executives. Guys (basically all guys) over 35, many in their 50’s or 60’s, who make a lot of money, value their time, and have no desire to go to a storefront martial arts school and bow and follow tradition and wear a Karate Gi, or buy - much less use - a practice dummy. They sure as hell ain’t going to roll around on a mat with other guys in their 20’s with something to prove. Frankly, if they ever did set foot in a class at some point, it likely bored them to tears and they found all the stretching pointless and tedious (and probably painful…), wanting to just be able to kick some ass. Their whole existence is totally different than someone who is hardcore into martial arts. They were also politically very right-wing. Loved to listen to right-wing talk radio. And they maybe played basketball or golf with their buddies on the weekends, but were not especially athletic or into anything extreme (unless watching it on TV). In fact, I was working on a bunch of ads in the golf market simultaneously, and they’re very similar and often even the exact same customers. Lots of overlap between them. Exact same age range, demographics, interests, etc. And so, what these guys really were driven by was just wanting to be bad asses. They wanted to be able to beat the hell out of someone but not endure the years of hard work. In a lot of cases they simply had what some called “military penis envy” and they looked at this offer as a way to be more than they could be, so to speak. In a lot of instances, they were more interested in looking like a tough guy walking past their secretaries than learning how to kill a man with his own pinkie finger. Anyway, here is the point: The ad I wrote beat all of Captain Chris’s other already-mega successful ads. It was not even close, from what I remember. Obviously much more than the "copy" was behind it. Copy is a sales multiplier, and the offer and market have much more to do with its success. But as far as the sales letter went: No so-called AI could have “brain stormed” with to get the market research we got... or could it have prompted that sales letter or the other ads I wrote after that that all made out like bandits. One of them, for example, did so well on launch day Chris and his CEO went home early that day. No swipe file I assembled would have done much good. And in fact, probably it would have been a net negative on sales and response. But just because I did not use a swipe file, does not mean I didn’t swipe. Ooh yeah, baby, I swiped a lot for it. But, not in the usual copywriting fanboy way. And I go deep into this and how I did it inside my offer: “Swipeocalypse” This giant-sized Email Players issue (in both page count and literal size) exists outside the normal continuity of the newsletter. And it teaches a way of “swiping” that not only works better than raiding a filing cabinet full of sales letters, scanning a folder of PDFs, or, worse using some silly so-called “AI” tool... but helps you get deep into the minds of those you wish to sell to to help crawl right into their very souls and potentially know what they want to buy and how to sell it to them. Get it by the Sunday, 9/7 deadline and you will also get: “The Email Players Swipe File: Volume 1” This is an 88-page swipe file of sales letters and ad inserts that were included in Email Players over its first 100+ issues. These are mostly short, “impulse” ads selling high-priced offers that have collectively helped pull quite a bit of dough, and that can be used as frameworks (not copy & paste) for your own emails, sales letters, and offers. NOTE: Swipeocalypse is physically shipped to you. But this bonus will be digitally sent via email when you order. A lil’ something to “tide” you over while waiting for Swipeocalypse. Here’s the link for more information: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/swipe Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA