# Which course sells better: slicked-up or low brow?

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 22 May 2025 16:14:39 +0000
**ID:** 196f8c690db45a76
---

Behold a tale of two courses: Both from marketers who I immensely respect, whose teachings have radically increased my business’ sales over the years, and whose “DNA” weave & strand through just about everything I do, say, teach, sell, and promote - from my books, emails, & newsletters to my business philosophies, sales copy approach, and even the software platforms I’ve been helping design and co-create the past 5 years. In no particular order… the first is: Email Players subscriber Gary Bencivenga. i.e., universally considered to be the world’s greatest living copywriter. And his “Farewell” course (do not ask me where to find it - I don't know) is tied for my #1 favorite course of all time as for having the most immediate and long term impact on my sales copy. In fact, the very first ad I wrote using it was a control for like 9 years before the client retired it, if that tells you something… and with many more after that, including my best sales letters to this day. It’s also a high class course. Nothing low brow about it - prestigious, refined, & high quality, just like his advertising. Every single aspect of it is pure class. I even remember writing to Gary - I couldn’t not let him know - how the course gave me “goose flesh” (literally) to keep going through it at the time, as that is how well it was working for me. That’s how much of an impact it had from the quality of the DVDs/video, to the atmosphere he taught in, to the high-level information, to the illustrated transcript book, and even the ordering process itself. All pure class. A+ in every way. And he spared no expense with it. One of the themes of the course is literally: “Why not the best?” And the way he created it fulfills on that nicely. So that’s course #1. The course that is tied with Gary's course for #1 on impact on my business is Email Players subscriber and the “High King of Email” himself Matt Furey’s (original) Furey Formula For Making A Fortune with Email course. I even told Matt that without him and sharing his knowledge I’d probably be pumping gas at a Chevron for a living. And yes, that is more true than not. Matt changed everything for my business, just like Gary did. And yet, Matt’s course is the complete opposite in production values. For one thing, it's pure audio. And instead of being polished, a lot of it is taught off-the-cuff. Sometimes you can’t even understand what people in the room are saying (good reason to listen multiple times...) With lots of entertaining, and well-timed, profanity, dirty inside jokes, back-and-forth banter with the people in the room digging deeper into the craft than one can possibly go with a structured talk. Plus, sometimes it sounds like it was recorded ten feet away from everyone talking compared to today’s technology. i.e., it's the kind of content I personally prefer consuming & creating when I sell digital: Low brow production, 100% RAW, pulls zero punches, little if any refinement. Again, both these courses tied for #1 on my list. I proselytize both of them, to everyone, to this day, and always will. But at the same time: You could not have two different kinds of production values. Or two different kinds of teaching styles. Or two different kinds of approaches to course creation. They are both the most valuable courses I own, and both are equally valuable to my business. You could also say the same thing about Gary Halbert’s Boron Letters. In that book’s case: It came without a cover due to hot Florida sun melting it in fulfillment, oversized, hard to hold, no structure or table of contents, goes off topic constantly, hand written (i.e., barely legible pages in some spots). Now contrast that to the more professional and prestigious-looking books that have also had equal impact on my business - like Dan Kennedy’s No BS Time Management book or Joe Vitale’s (original, from VistaTron publishing) 7 Lost Secrets of Success book... which both had profound effects on my business and, in many ways, my life. All of which brings me to the point: When creating a course do it 100% you. If you prefer fast, low brow, get-it-out-and-benefiting people (like I do) do that. If you’re like my biz partner in software and Low Stress Trading Troy Broussard, who loves high production, do that. Neither is “better.” Just like Gary & Matt's courses are not worse or better than each other. Only the overly pedantic snobs for one kind or the other will care. Regular humans, who aren’t a-nul retentive & overly pedantic pricks don't. They just want the info, and to benefit from it. All right, so that’s that. As far as course creation goes: There are only two people I ever recommend to those who ask for learning how to do it. One is my biz partner Troy, and the other is Danny Iny who I’ve had extensive conversations with him about his process. Troy only trades options these days and runs that company, and is out of the business improvement game. But Danny is teaching a special, 6-week class that includes course creation. And during this class he will personally guide you through creating and launching your own highly profitable course, coaching group, or mastermind. And, he will teach you how to do it in a way where it does not matter if you have a massive audience/list or elaborate marketing funnel or network of goo-roos hyping you up to the crowds. Enrollment in this course closes in a few hours - today, Thursday May 22, at 3pm Eastern. You can read more about it here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/danny Ben Settle P.S. Also, the above is NOT an affiliate link. I don’t get paid any money if you buy one way or the other. It’s a tracking link for his team’s internal use, but I told Danny I don’t even want to be on the affiliate leaderboard or whatever they are doing with that. I am doing this simply because he and I have mutual respect, and we like to promote each other to each other’s lists at times. And this just happens to be one of those times. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA