# Email goo-roo on Youtube talks out of his arse

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 25 Oct 2025 23:45:06 +0000
**ID:** 19a1dc30af1abc54
---

Came a comment: === Hey Ben, I recently just watched a YouTube video by a well known creator in the online business space about how to grow an audience, and in it he was saying that people who do daily email don't care about actually changing anyone's life and they only care about making a quick buck off you. He thinks long-form weekly newsletter content is how you actually create value and build a long-lasting audience. What are your thoughts on this? === My thoughts are guys like him are projecting. I’ve been relentlessly - never skipping a single day, to my knowledge in all that time - writing/sending daily emails for 17-years straight. And my biggest regret is it took me 6+ years to start doing daily emails at all (didn’t start until 2008) after being inspired by the great Matt Furey’s original email course. That’s a lot of writing, Way I see it: Even if I’d only been writing one email per day during this time, that’s over 6,000 emails. Assuming the average email is one page (many are 2, 3, 4, even 5, and as long as 16+ pages in a few cases long - this email is pushing 2,000 words), that’d still have been well over 6,000 pages of content, but is probably more like 10k - 15k pages due how long most are. And assuming each email takes only 10 minutes (I enjoy it - and savor it, and often spend 30+ minutes or more when not in a time jam), that’s at probably somewhere around 100,000+ minutes or 10,000+ hours. But the reality is I cannot say the exact numbers off the top of my head. What I can safely say though, is this: I’ve written at least 10,000 - 15,000 emails in the years just to this list. Especially considering I often write way more than one email per day - and also especially when writing multiple campaigns each month. I publish well over 700 emails per year, give or take, on average. And this does not even count the 1000s of emails I collectively wrote doing client work. Or that I sometimes write for Low Stress Trading. Or that I’ve written for various other ventures I’ve been involved with. And while there are admittedly times when I “recycle/repurpose” emails... the older I get, the less interest I have in doing that, unless under excruciating time crunches... not just for reader Experience, but also my own Experience - as I enjoy writing emails. It’s like eating dessert first for me each day when I write them. So even considering that, I have no problem saying 10,000 original emails. And, again, probably much closer to 15,000. And for the AI geek chorus reading this: These were all written by me, with my brain, not some generative so-called AI tool. Anyway, what’s the point of all this? If I was doing daily emails just “for money” or if I “didn’t care”, I’d have skipped a lot of days when things are fat & happy especially. That’s just human nature. Plus, I am no different than you or anyone else, where there are days where I’m just not feeling it and would prefer to do something else or anything else BUT write. Even doing fun stuff loses its novelty at times. So there’s more to it than just “money.” If anything, I’ve been writing LESS emails this year. As I wrote in an Email Players last year: I am more interested in quality than volume, even if more volume technically would potentially make more more sales - and it very well might. BUT... those short term sales would chip away at the long term sales that can only come via a strong relationship with my list. Especially as they’ve been getting bombarded with nonsensical generative so-called AI emails and, arguably worse, cold emails sent by absolute spammers who have to constantly warm up new IPs and buy aged domains just to keep their stupid, skeevy little games going while desperately insisting on social media how much it “wOrKS!” None of that will last, in my opinion, by the way. Google, Yahoo, etc are punishing such emailers. So I suspect that particular situation will resolve itself. We will see. And so those who are doing things the right way need only riiiiiide out the current wave of stupidity perpetuated primarily by goo-roo burnouts and social media anons who were born after the year 2000 and still live in their moms’ basements. Back to the point: To me it’s all about the relationship first. I don’t do the “sell the click” shtick. I sell the relationship - which I have found gets the clicks, which leads to sales. I call it the “relationclick.” And in my experience: You get that not buy sending LESS emails, nor do you get it by sending too many emails, as the law of diminishing returns kicks in eventually - or else you’d see people sending hourly emails. No, Chachi, you get it by sending the right kind of emails, with the right kind of intent, in just the right kind of volume/frequency... with the right message, to the right person, at the right time. Something you can only discern, really, by writing and sending.... daily emails. Every list is different, just as every business and marketer is different. Those looking for hand-holding or a “system” probably didn’t find this very useful. But then again, nothing I teach will help them people anyway. They’re fooked and don’t even realize it. As for the grownups who can think & act autonomously? That’s where the November Email Players issues shines. You can read more about what’s inside it below in the P.S. Otherwise, to subscribe while you still have some time to get in for it, go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s a Halloween candy-like taste of what’s inside the November Email Players issue: * Exactly what I’d do to rapidly build & grow an email list today if starting from scratch. * A totally manipulative social dominance technique used by an infamous WW2 Supreme Commander to get what you want from people without having to say a single word. (Use on your clients, and watch what happens!) * What to offer your list if you want to monetize it but don’t yet have anything to sell or plug. * The dark, twisted, even outright demonic reason (Gary Halbert unearthed back in the 70’s or 80’s but hardly anyone knows about today) why so many people are fat. * Advice for protecting your IP from being used to “train” so-called AI with. * A clever way to use the mute button on a phone, zoom, or other call to generate insanely profitable headlines, subject lines, stories, bullets, and themes for your ads & emails. * A surprisingly fun & effective way to profit from bum marketers copying your emails. * 9 ways to make totally commoditized content & topics sound sexy, exciting, and even new. * How to “outwit” software that flags actual human content as “AI” content. * An old school accountant trick for pre-writing your emails 2, 3, 4, even 6 months out. * How to turn being dirt broke into a powerful asset and advantage in your business. * The Gene Schwartz prophecies: his eerie warning for copywriters using and/or relying upon so-called AI he predicted decades ago - before even the internet itself! * How to “summon” like a genie from a jug all the energy & excitement you need to sell in markets that bore you to death. (Example: I used this trick “on” myself in the female weight loss niche that I hated selling to... and converted over 40% of the opt-in list to buyers. That wasn’t a function of “copywriting” as much as using this technique inside.) * A neat little trick for knowing if you’ve really done have enough research or not for your copywriting projects. * Ways to potentially “side step” rotten economies, disruptive technology (like so-called AI), and even weird left turns in laws/rules/regulations and seize marketshare while everyone else is panicking. * An instant tip off to know if a goo-roo or so-called influencer you’re tempted to spend money with is full of crap or not. * A powerful technique (discovered by one of the wealthiest self-improvement authors who ever lived) for banishing indecision when you’re not getting the results you want, and don’t know who to trust or where to turn. * What the late, great Gary Halbert warned about with using so-called AI to write sales copy way back in 1995! * How to be the “Netflix” of your list/audience/market - where YOU be their self-medication... (not some podcast or TikTok channel)... where YOU be their entertainment (not TV or movies)... And where YOU be the one they “tune” into each day (not news sites or social media). * How to get far less resistance from clients constantly questioning everything you do or always fighting you on even so much as testing your ideas. * An ingenious little “cheat sheet” (I’ve used for years) for keeping yourself committed, focused, & disciplined when you have a thousand things/people/forces beyond your control always trying to distract you. * A simple strategy (I learned from the great A-list copywriter Bob Bly years ago) for quickly “sizing up” clients to determine if they’ll be a nightmare or a joy to work with. * My “if you’re gonna be stupid, you might as well be smart about it” advice to marketers who insist on selling so-called AI tools & offers. The deadline to subscribe in time is when I send the list to the printer. After that, the cart is turned off. And your ability to get this issue vanishes into the void. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA