# The 4-minute email

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 05 Sep 2025 14:44:52 +0000
**ID:** 1991a566f4a791ea
---

A true story for the ages: Many, many years ago I was in a spot where I was juggling four different clients amongst four different niches simultaneously, for over a year or so, and had to churn out lots and lots and lots of emails for them. Plus, these niches were overrun with competition - i.e., biz opp, weight loss, prostate problems, and golf. We're talking daily emails, email campaigns, follow-up auto-respondered emails, and sometimes emails like polls, surveys, and one-shot offers with tight deadlines, etc. I was writing so many dayem emails I thought I was going to turn IN to an email. More: There was a lot of money at stake in these deals, so these could not just be “going through the motions” emails. So they obviously had to be responsive emails. But they also had to be emails that created and grew a relationship with the reader. And they not only had t make the sale for the offers promoted, but pre-sell future offers, too. If I had a "baptism under fire" for email, this was it. So what did I do? I figured out a way to all this email-writing using swiping. BUT… not swiping in any conventional way. Certainly nothing like copywriters I knew then or know now teach. This was a different kind of approach to swiping figured our purely from being under fire of deadlines, lack of sleep, and possibly even desperation in some ways. I did, after all, have a professional reputation to keep as a freelancer at the time, plus two of the deals were for MY own businesses. Anyway, the result? I banged out literally 100s of emails fairly quickly. And often times in as little as 4-minutes each. Back then, my friend and one of the single best AdWords guys I ever knew, the late Jim Yaghi, and I used to do a lot of comparing of notes on what we were up to, how we were growing our businesses, email, sales copy, traffic, etc all of it. We were also biz partners in the same info publishing venture selling weight loss tips to overweight women (one of the niches I was selling to at the time). And I remember showing him what I did. And then he went off and started applying it to some of his own projects. After which he told me: === so bro, you know how i told you i got clickbank leads and they werent converting? i used your method along with a template and been producing emails specifically relating to clickbank and it's been producing 1-2 sales a day. you've made me a lot of money, i feel bad that you're not getting a cut haha :P but not TOO bad lol my Clickbank leads are getting as many as 2 emails a day and they’re warming up from COLD traffic pretty quick as a result. that's all...just wanted to share my excitement :D I’m telling you, this works! === Admittedly, 1-2 sales per day may not sound like a lot. But his list was small. His product was higher ticket. And before doing this he’d only gotten maybe 1-2 sales per week. This secret I showed him for writing emails is perhaps one of the single most valuable email tips I have ever used myself - especially when in a hurry and one cannot sacrifice quality and does not want to write lame, limp-wristed and/or nonsensical sounding emails sharted out by so-called AI. If you want to learn this secret for your own business then see my offer: “Swipeocalypse” This giant-sized Email Players issue (in both page count and literal size) exists outside the normal continuity of the newsletter. And it teaches a way of “swiping” that not only works better than raiding a filing cabinet full of sales letters, scanning a folder of PDFs, or, worse using some silly so-called “AI” tool... but helps you get deep into the minds of those you wish to sell to to help crawl right into their very souls and potentially know what they want to buy and how to sell it to them. Get it by the Sunday, 9/7 deadline and you will also get: “The Email Players Swipe File: Volume 1” This is an 88-page swipe file of sales letters and ad inserts that were included in Email Players over its first 100+ issues. These are mostly short, “impulse” ads selling high-priced offers that have collectively helped pull quite a bit of dough, and that can be used as frameworks (not copy & paste) for your own emails, sales letters, and offers. NOTE: Swipeocalypse is physically shipped to you. But this bonus will be digitally sent via email when you order. A lil’ something to “tide” you over while waiting for Swipeocalypse. Here’s the link for more information: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/swipe Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA