# The secret gay life of goo-roos

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 07 Sep 2025 14:45:07 +0000
**ID:** 19924a52fcfd0a5f
---

Even though so-called email open rates have about as much relevance to sales as someone’s high score in Frogger at the arcade in 1984, people still obsess over them. The metric was never very reliable as it was other than for seeing trends. And it’s even worse now with bots now opening, scanning, even clicking emails. Far as I’m concerned open rates are the new website "hits" Gary Halbert used to mock: i.e., HITS = “how idiots track success” Whatever the case, that does not mean it ain’t important to get your emails opened, read, clicked - with customers sent to a place to close the sale in a way where they are interested, leaning in, wanting to hear more and, ideally, wanting to be sold. So on that note, here’s a little story about how to do just that: Way back in 2015, I was browsing The Drudge Report. Even under its current leadership Drudge is still admittedly a great site for getting ideas and inspiration for headlines, subject lines, emails, sales copy, podcasts, articles, social media posts, and anything else you use to sell with. It’s also, last I checked, on of the highest traffic news site on the internet. It’s also completely minimalist, which is another lesson in and of itself. And the headlines there are very often a nice cross between tabloid and hard news. A perfect example of infotainment handed to you, free, on a daily basis. But anyway, that day I saw a headline on their Twitter there was no way under God’s blue earth I could possibly have not noticed, read, and clicked. A headline so packed full of sales and marketing and copywriting psychology it, on its own, is almost like a masterclass unto itself. One of those headlines that stands out even amongst a page full of other irresistible headlines. The headline: “The Secret Gay Life Of Isis” Apparently even terrorists have their version of goo-roos. And at that time, ISIS was everywhere in the news with stories about them marching gay men to the top of buildings, dangling them over the edge, then dropping them headfirst and stoning the body to death if writhing around from not dying from the impact. Thus it was top of mind with a lot of people. But it went beyond Robert Collier’s “enter the conversation in the prospect’s head”, and there was much more to it and what made it “tick” than the obvious. Including 6 ways I have been since applying to nearly all my own sales letter headlines (when applicable) and email subject lines, and any other marketing where I want to get maximum engagement. This is especially true, for example, towards the end of an email campaign. (like this email, for instance) This "Secret Gay Life Of Isis" teaching is also, not-so-coincidentally, something I have long noticed certain, very shrewd and savvy copywriters do in a lot of their headlines, subject lines, marketing, too - maybe even your favorite copywriting gurus secretly use it.. In my opinion: Nary has a better email subject line/headline template ever been devised. And I pick it apart, and show you what makes it tick beyond the obvious inside: “Swipeocalypse” Which is still on sale until tonight. (Sunday, 9/7 at midnight EDT) But, I was must warn you that there is a downside to using this particular bit of info inside: If you do exactly as I command when I teach about this subject, I suspect you could get a lot more people opening and reading your emails than you’re used to getting… but also probably (if you sell to easily offended types) a lot more opt-outs too. Although that should not be all that big a deal if you’re playing to win and not playing to not lose. Of course, if you worry more about opt-outs than selling something that will improve the lives of those that don’t opt-out you’re dead in the water anyway. No need to read further. And certainly there is no reason to buy or read Swipeocalypse. Speak of the devil: This giant-sized Email Players issue (in both page count and literal size) exists outside the normal continuity of the newsletter. And it teaches a way of “swiping” that not only works better than raiding a filing cabinet full of sales letters, scanning a folder of PDFs, or, worse using some silly so-called “AI” tool... but helps you get deep into the minds of those you wish to sell to to help crawl right into their very souls and potentially know what they want to buy and how to sell it to them. Get it by the tonight, Sunday 9/7 deadline and you will also get: “The Email Players Swipe File: Volume 1” This is an 88-page swipe file of sales letters and ad inserts that were included in Email Players over its first 100+ issues. These are mostly short, “impulse” ads selling high-priced offers that have collectively helped pull quite a bit of dough, and that can be used as frameworks (not copy & paste) for your own emails, sales letters, and offers. NOTE: Swipeocalypse is physically shipped to you. But this bonus will be digitally sent via email when you order. A lil’ something to “tide” you over while waiting for Swipeocalypse. Here’s the link for more information: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/swipe Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA