# The fights are bull crap

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 13 Dec 2025 16:44:52 +0000
**ID:** 19b1899d4131e7a4
---

Here's a bit of fascinating marketing "lore" for you: Back in the mid 1970’s an office ‘gopher’ at Marvel Comics named Chris Claremont was in just the right place, at just the right time, for when writer/editor Len Wein of the newly relaunched Uncanny X-Men title realized he couldn’t handle the new load of work, and asked Chris if he wanted it. Of course Chris said “Hell yeah!” And off he went to write stories. Stories that, quite literally, changed not only the comics industry but TV & movies, too. And, I'd argue, even content you see people create for marketing, offers, etc. Let’s start with comics. As writer of X-Men during a time when corporate basically ignored it since it was a low “tier” title, he created or co-created some of the most memorable stories in the industry. He did the Dark Phoenix storyline (which got him a bunch of death threats). He did the Days of Future Past storyline which is probably the single most well-known Marvel storyline ever published, with implications that lasted decades. And he did the now infamous “Mutant Massacre” storyline which, while didn’t get him death threats, did create the particular “head” of the corporate monster that basically has since turned their comics unprofitable, including sending them into bankruptcy, inspiring employee suicides, etc. Then there was TV. Multiple cartoons were created almost exclusively on his stories. And, if you liked (or hated) Joss Whedon’s Buffy the Vampire Slayer you can thank Chris. Whedon admitted Claremont’s soap opera-like storytelling was a huge influence on the show. Finally, the movies. They made (so far) two movies about his Dark Phoenix story. They made his Days of Future Past into a movie. And every X-Men movie from the year 2000 on (they consulted with him to get it right back when nobody in Hollywood thought anyone would watch that first movie) has strands of Chris Claremont’s “DNA” in it - with stories he plotted, characters he created, and even line-by-line dialogue he wrote. As for money? In the last few years of writing the X-Men comics he was making more money than he knew how to spend. He had an airplane from the royalties alone, if that tells you something. And he was one of the guys who would rub it into the faces of DC Comics creators when trying to poach them over by dropping hundreds on expensive dinners when trying to woo them to work at Marvel instead. The point: Claremont is easily one the most prolific content creators in history. One of the most financially successful, too. And in an interview - back in the 80’s I think - he said something that, when I first read it about five years ago, was so profound in its simplicity, and so deep in it scope, I wrote it down and started deliberately applying it to my own content going forward. And when I say “content” I ain’t just talking about books, videos, audios, courses, etc. But also emails, sales copy, and even customer service replies in some cases. What Claremont says can apply to all of it. Anyway, so what did he say? He said about his long-running action-packed X-Men stories… “The fights are bull shit” Yes, his comics had lots of fights, and wars, and killing. Especially with the character Wolverine, which his whole MO is his rage and fighting and killing enemies with his claws and hot temper and fast healing powers. But to Chris the fights were really just window decoration. The real power was in the characters' emotional relationships. He created characters that formed such a strong relationship with his readers people literally thought of them as real life men and women they personally knew! They'd even tell that to his face at conventions - including one lady who was not even crazy, that the characters were her friends, as much as real life, flesh and blood people were. As Claremont put it when talking about one of these fans in particular: “These characters were real to her. Not literally real. But the conflict was real.” Key word "conflict." Chris was, after all, an actor first. And character was his real strength not-so-much plot. If anything, he struggled with plotting to the point his editor would sometimes go to his house, and type out his brain farts into a plot. And when he did create plots, he'd leave them dangling for years and even decades, forgetting about them altogether. When he said he had no ideas, his editor would say, "what about that dangling plot thread..." And then he'd get to work. All of which brings us back to content creation & monetization: I have studied, learned from, and immensely profited from Chris Claremont’s approach to content creation for a very long time. You could say he was the main guy I learned it from - by osmosis - just reading and imbibing his stories for years and decades starting back when I was but a wee lad still in middle school, and maybe even earlier than that. And when I got into business I remember applying it to my content. It’s all I really knew at first. And over the years I found his “the fights are bull shit” approach ridiculously profitable and engaging and effective. Something that can be applied to most any piece of content by just adapting what he did to comics to other kinds of content regardless of the media, offer, market, niche, or industry. And yes, I explain how in my book on sale for today’s 12-hour Seasons Emailings sale: “The Count of Content” It’s not so much a content creation “technique” as it is a framework. I both explain it and show you with an example of an email that can be modeled (not really copied & pasted like the AI goo-roo geek chorus all do) that, for the campaign we ran, got us the most clicks, opens, sales… even though it doesn’t even talk about the offer all that much or list a lot of claims or benefits like copy is “supposed” to do. I’m not saying not to show benefits and claims in your ads or emails. I’m simply saying the framework I show is far more important. And, I argue, does most of the heavy lifting and selling than any claims do. All right enough of his cloak & dagger shtick. If you want to learn this and a lot of other approaches I am taking to creating and monetizing my own content these days… then this book can show you a ho’ bunch more I believe will give your business gigantic advantage for out selling and growing stronger, more engaging, and more eager-to-buy-and-share content regardless of what media you use (text, video, audio, in person, etc). Here are the details: This nearly 250-page book primarily consists of the December 2021, July 2022, November 2022, October 2023, and this past April & May 2024 Email Players issues. So if you have all or some of those you will have to determine if you want to buy this book or not. Whatever the case: You can have it during today’s 12-hour Seasons Emailings sale for a pleasantly plump 25% discount off the price listed on the sales page until tonight (Saturday 12/13) at might EST. Here you be: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/count Use code DANTES at the checkout (where it says “add referral code”) for the discount, and make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA