# This’ll probably get me yelled at by someone's wife

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 17 Sep 2025 00:45:33 +0000
**ID:** 199552252f084f7b
---

But, it'll be worth it. Here goes: === Man this shit works. Last night I lost track of time and was still out drinking with friends past the time I promised my wife I’d be home and she was pissed, sending me angry texts etc. So I pulled a [one of the persuasion methods I teach in my book “NOfluence”]. Within a few minutes she was saying, “Don’t worry, it’s okay. Just be quiet when you come home.” Crisis averted. And yes, you can use this as a story or something. Just change my name because I don’t want this somehow getting back to my wife and me losing this power for the future. === Your secret is safe with me, my friend. It’s a good point about the persuasion tactic he used (he learned it when I taught it in Email Players originally) losing its power. It can work for selling & marketing as well as it does attracting a good woman or, in his case, keeping his woman happy - including staying out of the proverbial dog house with her when you get in trouble, including when you legitimately deserve it. But for marketing, there are two ways it loses its power: (1) you overuse it on the same list/person (2) you do it as a trick or manipulative tactic, and not out of honesty (i.e., you “swipe”, copy & paste, prompt with fapGPT, or try to steal how you see others do it, especially from the examples I show inside the book) Keep that in mind if you are going to buy my “NOfluence” book during today's sale. The vast majority of marketers ain't exactly the sharpest knives in the drawer with their irrational obsession with swipes, hacks, and so-called AI prompts over being human - flaws and all. But you gotta get creative with this persuasion tactic. And you definitely have to pioneer your own ways to apply it. So if you outsource your thinking to a super calculator, best pass on this book, Spanky. Otherwise? “NOfluence” normally sells for $600.00. But during this week's sale (until Friday, 9/19 at midnight EDT) you can have it at a $120.00 discount (so for $480.00 instead of $600.00) off the listed price at the link below. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/nofluence Use code AZRIEL at the checkout (where it says “add referral code” under the price) for the discount. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA