# one helluva persuasion tool

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 19 Apr 2025 11:50:30 +0000
**ID:** 1964de2e5f489b01
---

Not long ago, I watched the "Brat Pack" documentary with Stefania. The documentary was made by actor Andrew McCarthy, and is about the gaggle of young 1980s actors whose movies I grew up watching called the “Brat Pack.” And, specifically, the documentary is about the fallout of an article at the time mocking them via a play on the “Rat Pack” who were more mature, polished, and prestigious. It's worth watching if for no other reason than to see the tremendous power - for good or bad - of rhetoric and narrative flipping. In this case: That clever magazine article title — it was not even intended to be any kind of hit piece — not only screwed with some of those actors' heads for the last 35 years (you can tell it still bothers some of them to this day), but also significantly altered their careers and, in many ways, even the kind of TV shows that came after. (Friends, etc) All from one rhetorical play on words. It reminded me of the line in Sideways where Miles says: "I'm not drinking any fucking merlot!" Right after that movie came out and due to that ONE throw-away line... Merlot sales tanked for years, even though the character said it not because he hates Merlot, but because it reminded him of the wine he was saving to originally enjoy with his ex-wife. I remember talking to a wine maker about that. He said he had to label his own Merlot with some other prissy European name to sell any of it, as that is how bad the stigma had gotten. On a similar note: that's also a lesson in shrewdness in and of itself Walt Disney used to make the ugly, poisonous weeds growing on the Disneyland grounds sound exotic and hide what they really were to fool investors. Rhetoric is one helluva tool of persuasion or repulsion. Here's something else that occurred to me when watching the Brat Pack documentary: These actors could and should have ran with it by pulling an “agree & amplify” on the media. This is where you not only don’t deny an accusation, but you lean into it, blow it up to absurd proportions, and make whoever is trying to troll or attack you look like the idiot they are, taking the wind out of their half mast sails, and dismissing them back into the irrelevance whence they came. It’s one of many ways to seize the Narrative and make it yours. The King of Narrative-seizing, though, was the late William Randolph Hearst. This infamous newspaper mogul used his ability to do so to go from being a shy mama’s boy & Harvard drop-out with a weak, squeaky, high-pitched voice… to having arguably the single most powerful, most recognized, & most influential brand of his day. That ain’t no joke, either. His brand was so big, it struck fear into the hearts of all his enemies… including the famous Joseph Pulitzer, the widely respected Theodore Roosevelt, and even the all-powerful U.S. government — which constantly wanted to silence him. And, in fact, I show you 4 “narrative-seizing” methods Hearst invented right after being expelled from Harvard on page 28 in my Brand Barbarian book. A method that has been used since then by many other extraordinarily influential businesses to become successful very quickly. Best part: The less recognized your brand is now, the better it can potentially work. The book ain’t cheap. But, I am taking at least some of the “sting” out of the price today. The deadline to get it at this discount is tomorrow, Sunday 4/20 at midnight EDT. Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/brand Use this code at the cart: AXE And make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA