# The lie that I am “anti-AI”

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 21 Sep 2025 02:15:07 +0000
**ID:** 1996a0dca51e5e5b
---

Here goes: === Hey Ben, I had a question. You are renowned as being very anti-AI, the email above proves that. But I noticed that you create a "us vs them" narrative, painting AI as the enemy, and you as the crusader. But you go above and beyond than a few jabs here and there, You take a hard approach to it. And I was wondering if you would suggest taking such a hard approach, risking pissing off some readers in exchange for having even more loyal readers? Or should I read inbetween the lines? === Last things first: I am not “anti-AI.” Yes, I did grow up as a child in the 80's watching cautionary tales about it like Terminator, War Games, Alien, and even Short Circuit. So I have a natural distrust of it. But the irony is, I also probably profit from it more than most of the copywriters running around shilling it and parroting whatever their favorite goo-roo says about it. For example: I make all kinds of profits each week trading several AI stocks (using my biz partner Troy Broussard's magnificent Low Stress Trading framework) purely because of all the speculative “dumb money” currently flowing into it for now, during the technology's Mad Dash phase. So personally, I hope it lasts a long time, though I don't think it will. Not in its current cheap & accessible, non gate-kept, & regulation-free wild west phase, at least. Do I think so-called AI is totally useless? No, there are obviously many legitimate uses for some of it. But in my opinion, the whole generative so-called AI wet dream is mostly clung to by people who either suck at writing & content creation, or who just dislike writing & content creation even if they are actually good at it. I don't even blame them. If I sucked at writing & creating content, or if I disliked doing it, I'd probably want the corporate shill talking points people are quoting chapter by chapter and verse by verse to be true, too. But this'll exit the gold rush/mad dash phase as literally every technology does. When? Who knows? The dumb money is still flowing like lies from a goo-roos lips for now though. So probably it's got some good legs left. Or, at least, so my trading account likes to think. But there are so many holes in the corporate FOMO-driven Narrative you can drive a convoy of mac trucks through it. Eventually that bubble is gonna gloriously pop. Something like 95% of these companies don't even make any profits, from what I last saw, and no amount of social media cheerleading is going to change that. And when that nasty hammer drops? I have zero doubt whatever legit uses the technology has for those who will be able to afford to use it at all will still stand, the corporate talking points your favorite goo-roos squawk about on Linkedin will be ignored, and the great unwashed asses of normies will find some new bright shiny object their goo-roo masters tell them to be dazzled by or they’ll “miss out” or whatever. That's my opinion, and I'm profiting from it via trading while it lasts either way. Back to his question though: My writing about so-called AI is somewhat tactical, I suppose. At least, in the sense it's the conversation going on in peoples' heads. But I do not see myself as “crusader.” I'm far more like the obnoxious, cartoon-like black sheep uncle at the family reunion telling the kids gathered around my rickety lawn chair about all the stupid mistakes their parents are making, with those parents wishing I'd just shut up and leave early before the alcohol kicks in and and fist fights erupt. So when I write about so-called AI it's genuine. It’s what I really believe and I am not thinking: “I need to to do an ‘us vs them’ email” It just works out that way. But it works out that way whenever talking about anything worth talking about. We live in a day & age where just doing, applying, and teaching the bare basics & fundamentals of copywriting & marketing makes you a "contrarian." I still get people selling online astonished when I tell them all roads should lead to their email list and not their big tech hosted social media, podcast, or YouTube channel. Which is the ultimate irony: I'm probably one of the LEAST contrarian guys in your inbox. I just follow the laws of direct response more aggressively than most. Thus, it looks contrarian, but it’s just the opposite. Anyway, to keep in line with said laws of direct response I best offer something. So here's the deal: IF you qualify (see below), I will give you a full hour of consulting time in exchange for you promoting my opt-in page (BenSettle.com) to your email list. During that hour we can discuss anything you want. You can even record it too, and use the recording however you want (as a bonus, sell it, horde it for yourself, I don't care). But before getting too excited, there are some caveats: 1. You must have an email list of at least 10,000 online business owners who both would be interested in the kind of info I write about and sell, and also who hear from you regularly via email. If you're one of these boys or ghouls who only uses social media and never emails? You're out. I cannot help you even if I wanted to, because you don't even understand basic direct marketing 101 about how “all roads lead to the list” (not a social media, YouTube, iTunes, etc audience, those are not lists). And if you're selling online, that should be an email list at bare minimum. That weeds out probably 95+% of people reading this, unfortunately. 2. You email your list first, show me you did it, then we do the consult. Again, you may record and use the consult as content, a bonus/premium, even sell it if you want… it’s all yours, and will be recorded on your zoom or whatever, not by me. To give you an idea of how it can be used, one taker even once turned it into a live group call for his high paid mastermind. (They "beamed" me in to the room via Zoom.) And another had me on a giant group coaching call. Your imagination for using it is the limit. But the deadline definitely does have a limit. In this case, you must reply to this email by tomorrow (Sunday 9/21) by midnight EDT. That’s a tad over 24-hours from when I am sending this. Didn't see this email until after the deadline? That’s just too bad. Not reading my emails immediately upon arrival is forbidden... To get the ball rolling do this: 1. Reply back to this email before tomorrow night’s deadline. 2. Include ALL the specifics about what kind of business people are on your list, what they like to buy/learn, size of it, and how often you mail it. Do not send me your sales pages or anything else - critiques, "quick look", etc is not what the consulting entails. If your list sounds like a good match for this, we’ll make it happen. If not? We won’t. Ben Settle P.S. If you want more of my musings beyond what you read in these emails, I tend to post the overflow in my free Settleheads Facebook group over here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/settleheads This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA