# Ben Tzu and the art of inbox war

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 23 Sep 2025 16:45:27 +0000
**ID:** 1997778f7777a2cd
---

A couple months ago, Twitter user @gypsy_lovell dropped this zinger: “The purge has begun. Every email I receive from ‘experts’ that recommends more GPT’s is getting dumped into a spam folder. Every marketing guru except @BenSettle_ is force feeding my inbox their one-of-a-kind custom GPT.” The timing was almost perfect. Because literally the day before she tweeted that, I was telling Stefania how I'm becoming torn between having fun warning about the foolishness of blindly going all in on generative so-called AI emails/copywriting due to FOMO and zero questioning the blatantly obvious bull shyt narrative pushed about it, and deliberately not talking about it, per Sun Tzu's implied advice to not interrupt my opponents when in the middle of destroying themselves. So I don’t know. Probably at this point most of the guys parroting corporate CEO talking points have left my list, or have realized I have such a low opinion of their blind devotion to it and refusal to question anything, that there’s nothing left for me to do but Copy Troll their snarky drive-by comments. It's obvious they don't even have any real opinions on it. Their opinions have them. Worse, it's not even their opinions. It's always them citing some AI goo-roo's opinion who haunts social media all day. That won’t get me ignoring it for a while though. Thus, why I talk a little about it (not much) in the October Email Players issue. Although not in a way probably anyone putting their faith in it wants to hear. Subscription info here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA