# Why your best customers dump you

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 19 Jul 2025 14:15:00 +0000
**ID:** 1982309e0579d47f
---

Last year, the great Dan Kennedy wrote about a phenomenon in his gold newsletter he calls: “loyalty fatigue” This is when your best customers/clients/fans/people on your list just up and vanish like a fart in the wind - opting out of your email list, not buying your offers anymore, haunting your competition those customers will even admit to you they know are full of shyt and nowhere near as good as what your business sells but they go to them anyway... including customers you see do this who continue to benefit from whatever it is you teach or sell to them. Almost everyone I know who has been in the game a while has seen this. I’ve seen it with customers who have sent me long, detailed testimonials about all the sales my offers make them each month... we’ve seen it with Low Stress Trading clients who are making huge piles of cash with the tools they get with their subscription... and many of my Email Players subscribers have experienced it with their companies (in professional type services especially), selling all kinds of different offers in various markets, over the years. It tends to jolt them at first when it happens. They are genuinely baffled why those customers leave them for demonstrably inferior businesses. Especially when they regularly leave them testimonials, send them referrals, are successful, etc. It’s puzzling for them to see someone demonstrably benefiting from something you sell or from being on your list, etc... only for them to flit off like a flakey chick "monkey-branching" from a loyal boyfriend who treats them right to a guy who outright abuses them with intense emotional highs & lows, while complaining nobody will marry her and nothing works and "where did all the good men go?" On the surface it looks like otherwise smart people deliberately making a foolish choice. But it’s not that, necessarily. In my opinion, and in my experience, it’s loyalty fatigue - or at least related to it. i.e., they are bored by you and your business. You haven’t stimulated them enough. In some cases, you simply haven’t played the dancing clown hard enough entertaining them like the inflooencers on social media and TikTok do all day for them. Or, it could be you simply haven’t given them enough new offers, new experiences, new reasons to stick around. Maybe, just maybe... you have taken them for granted. Whatever the reason you cannot take it personally or get mad at them. It is ultimately YOUR fault. It's also your fault if you cater to those most likely to do it, too. For example, here is a true story about this phenomenon: Many years ago I interviewed Michelle Spiva for my old podcast about this phenomenon when she addressed it during one of our Oceans 4 masterminds I used to co-host with Ryan Levesque, Jack Born, and Andre Chaperon.A lot of people literally chase dopamine highs. And if you don’t deliver that high, they will get their fix somewhere else. This plagues financial and money-related markets especially. They are not looking for solutions, they are looking for a new dopamine high. This is why you can never fully, 100% prevent this from happening or even want to. So there is absolutely no need to worry about it or be shocked by it or obsess over it. In some cases, with the ones needing a dancing clown monkey, it's good if/when they haunt someone else. If you're doing business right, they will be soon replaced by better, higher quality, more eager customers, in my experience. As for how to do it "right" in business: This is where infotainment rears its beautifully fugly face. Infotainment is the seamless merging of information with entertainment. Information is easy to teach and give. "Give value" is such a trope because it's all marketers really know. But entertainment? Still a mystery to most. If it’s a mystery to you, see my Infotainment Jackpot book which is still on sale for a little while longer - until tomorrow, Sunday 7/20 at midnight EDT - where my hearty Horde can have it for over $100.00 off the regular price. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/jackpot Use this discount code on the checkout: BENGOOLIE Make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA