# The grifters discover World-Building

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 24 Aug 2025 12:15:30 +0000
**ID:** 198dc02e4ffa5ad8
---

Reader Ashley Tucker 'splains: === Everywhere I turn in the coaching / copywriting space … people are talking about world building. WITHOUT crediting you! They speak like they read the books or watched interviews / documentaries on Stan Lee or any other influence YOU had. They speak like THEY invented it and like they remotely know how it works. They don’t! How do you do it Ben? I get so angry that I would burn them all at the stake if I could! It’s fine to be inspired… but to pass it off like it’s your own? Or maybe I should give them the benefit of the doubt and say maybe they just prompted as you would say “fapGPT” and now they somehow think it’s their idea! I don’t know which is worse… Either way I’ve lost what little respect I had left for these grifters! === I'm not all that surprised, it's just the animal direct marketers are and what they do. So all I'll say about that is this: I've been publicly teaching World-Building for marketing & business since 2014. But, I'd been doing it since way before that. No idea if I was "first" to teach or talk about it. And I certainly don’t claim to be the only one worthy of listening to about the topic. Frankly, it didn't even occur to me to talk about it, much less teach it, at all until after I published my first novel (Zombie Cop), and an editor at a NY firm said she didn't like my emails but loved my pacing & World-Building in the novel. At that time I was just doing it without really thinking about it. But after that I started consciously doing it, applying it, and experimenting it. Like, for example: In my old elBenbo’s Lair Facebook group for a year or so, which was easily one of the most engaged groups in my niche at the time, according to many of the people in there. That was where I worked a lot of it out as far as ways to go about it, in “real time” (and on real people - subjects of said experiment), getting real results for my own business. Since then I’ve written multiple books that teach/talk about it in various ways. Like, for example: * elBenbo Press book - how I apply it to the book & newsletter publishing side of my business * Social Lair - how I applied it to that crazy elBenbo’s Lair experiment on Facebook * Brand Barbarian - how I apply it to branding * Markauteur - how I apply it to the visual & design-side of my business * BizWorld - an introduction to the subject on Amazon * And ParaSELL Universe - which is a collection of Email Players issues talking about it and some related topics, and how I apply it to Email Players and my other offers, bringing it all together So I think it’s safe to say it ain’t theory for me. I do it, practice it, and live it every day in my business. Again, I don’t know if I’m first or only guy you should listen to about it. But what I do know is this: Those "suddenly" talking out their arses about it like Ashley points out probably have no clue what they're doing, because the very concept behind it is to literally not just ape what others do, teach, talk about. To swipe, copy, or reduce to a checklist is to miss the point. That's just how it goes in this market though. The entire marketing goo-roo shtick going back to the 1990s has always been mostly a matter of people trend chasing, algorithm riding, and clout reaching... with a fair amount of arse smooching to boot. All with zero ability for abstract thought. It's just watch, copy, ride trend, move to next thing. Basically the same mentality of your typical Twitter anon. As far as an introduction to MY way of doing it see my BizWorld book. Don’t even bother with the expensive ones I sell above. BizWorld is inexpensive, easily found on Amazon, and is the best “primer” I have for it. After that, if you crave more info, then and only then invest in one of the more expensive ones. More Here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/bizworld Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA