# Gary Vee and the harem of AI concubines

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 03 Jul 2025 20:44:38 +0000
**ID:** 197d208e297c700f
---

Here’s a juicy one for you: I saw a video short of Gary Vee being interviewed about his most insane so-called AI predictions. And his first answer was that your grandkids will marry an AI robot, and there will be relationships with AI robot boyfriends and girlfriends, husbands and wives. And he also said (this'll REALLY make the nipples of the AI digital grove worshippers tingle) it will happen... “At scale.” Ain’t nothing the AI bois like more than the term “at scale.” Except, maybe, “workflow.” I am not even saying he’s wrong. You already have people falling in love with fake fapGPT personalities. It’s part & parcel of the power of proximity, which I’ve talked about many times in Email Players and also in my Client-less Copywriter program AWAI sells (which, incidentally, will be on sale in a few days, for those freelancers worried about AI stealing their jobs). Plus, Gary Vee also thinks AI will save marriages. And who knows, maybe he is right? For example: If a man spends more time with his fake AI concubine, his real human wife is bound to get jealous. And because other men who know how to get real women will be with other real women having real children and happy families, the only men a woman spurned by a man who chooses his fake AI concubine will be able to find is other guys with no game they are not really attracted to, and who can’t get laid unless it’s with a robot. Or, they will find putting up with the human woman's bull shyt is not worth it, and just stick with the robot. Men are far more interested in sex on the front end, and relationships on the backend. Women want the relationship on the front end, and the sex on the backend. So in the AI robot apocalypse I predict the men will have the upper... uhm... hand. And, as a result, these 100 point checklists chicks on Tinder have like the six-six-six rule (six pack, six figures, 6 feet tall) will go right out the window unless they want a fake, non-emotionally available robot that pretends to be emotionally available, but isn’t really emotionally available any more than it can give her children. Will that happen? I don’t know. But I’m on record predicting sex robots bringing balance back to the force since 2016 in my old elBenbo's Lair Facebook group, where this opinion did not make me very popular with the girl boss hellcats up in there at the time. But now, John Hughes’ “Weird Science” comes to mind with all this. Except without the reality-bending powers, of course. Whatever the case: When I mock the fapGPT dorks and talk about how they worship AI as religious idol while having orgies in the digital grove, it's understandable people think it's just rhetoric and assume I exaggerate. But if they don't believe me, maybe they'll believe Gary Vee? Concubinage is going to come back in a big way, my friend. If you’re single, then best take the last chopper out of ‘Nam while you can. As far as that goes: If you’re a man (not a woman - I don’t have much advice for them, sorry) and want to learn some ways of making yourself naturally - not artificially - more charismatic, persuasive, and influential for business and/or personal relationships, see my Villains books. I wrote them around the time I first heard about the coming sex robot apocalypse. And while none of the books mention them, it’s there “between the lines.” Here’s the link to the books on Amazon: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/villains Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA