# The Design Dealer

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 29 Jul 2025 01:44:44 +0000
**ID:** 19853db96fb6983b
---

A couple months ago, I wrote quite a bit about a recent direct mail campaign. Specifically, some tests we did at Low Stress Trading to generate email opt-ins using postcards. And while I talked a lot about the writing-side of it, I did not talk all that much about the design-side of what made the two test pieces work - with the winner doing over 5% the industry average for response, and the losing piece doing 3% the industry average in response. One had hardly any discernible design to it. And that was done deliberately - it was a “world class design is no design” lesson unto itself. While the other had a lot of design going on. People who think design doesn’t matter are out of their minds. It matters far more than they realize. And, in fact, even Email Players subscriber and the man universally considered to be the world’s greatest living copywriter Gary Bencivenga spends a lot of time in his “Farewell” DVD’s talking about design, and how some of his biggest winners were, in many ways, such big winners as result of the DESIGN as well as the copy. For example: He had one of his highest selling ads “look” a certain way - that stood out from everything else - and it got more readership, which lead to more sales, which lead to more royalties. Was that a “copy” thing? Yes, but it was also a DESIGN thing which helped get it such high readership to close the sales with the copy. That is just one example. In the milestone 14-year anniversary Email Players issue next month, I show the above postcards we sent side-by-side, and let Email Players subscriber Kia Arian’s (who works on all my business’s designs - and is one of the only designers the great Dan Kennedy lets anywhere near his own projects) explain exactly the psychology and approach to the design she took. It’s like a mini-seminar on direct response design unto itself. (I don't call her the "Design Dealer" for nothing.) And what she says ain’t the inane info you’re hearing selfie-obsessives on Facebook talk about. They have no clue. But Kia does and her track record of massive wins proves it. Frankly, what she says inside takes about 15 seconds to read (it’s literally 149 words - written “off the cuff” - and brilliant in its rawness, imo)... but could probably take one 30 years to really master. Maybe all this sounds a bit dramatic. And to many reading it they won’t see it the way I do, may even find it anti-climactic. But to me design is a deep rabbit hole unto itself. And it goes quite deep once you tumble down it. And the August Email Players issue talks a lot about it from the marketing-side. But that ain’t all. I’m also including a 60+ page bonus with this 14-year anniversary issue: “Email Players Annual #4: After School Special” This oversized (literally - in both size and page count) Annual issue bonus exists outside the normal continuity of the newsletter. And I wrote it to commemorate the newsletter’s 14-year anniversary. And it’s written as a long letter “to” Willis in case I up and join the choir invisible before he comes of age to teach it it to him - with all the most important business, marketing, money/finance, health, and relationship info I want him to know. I spent more time on this than I have some of my full-length books. I won’t say this is the “best” writing I’ve ever done but it’s certainly the most important. You can read more about it in the PS below if you want. Otherwise - the deadline to get in on time is when I send the list to the printer soon. After that? Too late. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com NOTE: I do NOT ship to Indonesia, China, India, Ukraine, Russia, the Philippines, Thailand, Japan, or Africa. Current Email Players subscribers are “Grandfathered” in, of course. Ben Settle P.S. Here’s some of the info inside the bonus Email Players Annual #4: After School Special I am gifting to Email Players subscribers next month: * The exact program (you might even be able to find on YouTube) I used for getting out from under a mountain of credit card, car note, and student loan debt far faster than almost anyone else I know ever has. * How to be nearly impervious to being knocked off and/or copied/cloned/easily replaced by so-called AI, copycats, pirates, and other assorted cons, criminals, & content burglars. * A stock trading method invented in the 3rd century BC that works even better in the 21st century AD with today’s technology. * The trick to granting yourself “instant energy” whenever you feel sluggish, weak, or lethargic. * How to find, attract, wrangle, and marry a loyal, “ride-or-die” woman. * The two-part way to banish self esteem problems I give young business men when it comes to marketing, copywriting, getting clients, and practically any other business challenges you struggle with. * How to keep your self respect & emotions in check when a woman rejects, ignores, ghosts, or (worse) manipulates and uses you just to get the attention of other men. * What social media “List Laundering” is and how to use it to ramp up your email response & sales. * The sneaky way (certain, very big social media accounts do) the famous movie director Frank Capra used to make himself into one of the richest and most celebrated brands of his time. * A secret direct mail tip found in the New Testament (pioneered by the Apostle Paul) that can help blast up your email campaign response to much higher levels. * How to turn people who have no desire whatsoever to buy anything from you into your own, personal “unwitting” sales force working hard to get you new business. All right, so be it. If you want in on time for the milestone 14-year anniversary Email Players issue plus a free copy of Email Players Annual #4: After School Special then scroll back up to the URL, note the list of banned countries, and follow the instructions while you still can. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA