# The secret to having a writing style people love buying from

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 19 Jun 2025 01:49:52 +0000
**ID:** 19785e1fbddaf5b6
---

Let’s talk about the infamous Rob Liefeld. He is a comicbook artist who has created characters that have become quite famous and/or infamous to comicbook fans and, in at least one case, a household name & entire film franchise (Deadpool). I call him “infamous” for a reason though. Because if ever there was a comicbook artist who is both loved & hated, respected & reviled, copied & and also at the same time often held up as a shining example of what NOT to do… it’s him. Personally, I like his stuff. And like his fans, I like it precisely because it’s so technically & formally…off. I have been reading his comics since the late 80’s. And I exaggerate not when I say his art is functionally & structurally & technically askew. To see this for yourself, type “Rob Liefeld Captain America” into Google images. You should see - right at the top - a much-mocked (rightfully so, it’s hideous… yet still hard to look away…) drawing he did of Captain America’s chest that almost hurts your eyes. I also have a comicbook issue from when he drew The New Mutants, where the X-Men character Jubilee is running, and Rob Liefeld drew her with two left feet. The Deadpool & Wolverine movie even joked about Liefeld’s feet drawings. (There is a store with a sign called “Liefeld’s Feet” or something like that) But that doesn’t matter to his fanboys at all. Because his drawing style is so cool looking to them they simply don’t care. Which brings me to the lesson: A style people like can cure a lot of artistic sins. And, as much as this applies to art, I believe it applies just as much (maybe even more) to writing - especially to emails and certain other kinds of sales copy. If you have a unique writing style - that doesn’t look, sound, smell, feel, or taste like any other writer’s style - there’s a very good chance you will gain a following that is passionate about reading your copy, clicking your links, and, yes, buying your offers. I’m proof of this. Technically speaking, my writing is awful. I am always using obnoxiously long run-on sentences, spanking out 3 or 4 or 5 (or bigger) syllable words when a 1 or 2 syllable word will do… using pop culture references (especially from the 80s) that are not necessarily identifiable to my non US readers or younger US readers… lots of adverbs, passive voice, and the list goes on. And yet, there are people who think my writing is genius or whatever. But it’s not genius at all. If there is anything I’ve done in this regard that is noteworthy it has been cultivating a unique style that is 100% “Ben Settle”, that is hard to emulate, that makes others look like idiots when they try ape it, and that gives me an easily-identifiable brand in an ever-burgeoning industry of boring so-called email specialists and other assorted experts who all sound exactly alike or, more recently, trying to fapGPT their way into sounding like someone else. The point: Creating your own style people love can often cover up a lot of writing sins people hate. But, how does one develop this style? Two ways, my little fledgling: 1. First (and most obvious) is to inject your own unique personality into your copy, there is no other "you", you're fingerprints, thought patterns, and peculiarities are unique. Unless you're out there copying people, I suppose. 2. Secondly, follow the advice inside my book on sale for only a little while longer: “Copy Salesliloquies: Vol 1” Within those bumpy pages, I show you exactly what Rob Liefeld (according to another popular comicbook artist who Rob helped found the comicbook company Image with) did to create his style that people either love or hate… and has been worth a lot of money ultimately… (there would be no recent smash record breaking Deadpool vs Wolverine movie without Rob Liefeld and his style, if that tells you something) that you can do in your writing. Do it right, and you’ll probably have copycats coming out of the woodworks. They’ll think they are being “cool” or whatever with their swiping and fapGPT’ing. But really, they’ll simply look like the wannabe versions of you they are. And everyone will know it. When that happens, yeah, it is annoying, like a mosquito that won’t go away. But at the same time, I have found the demand for the real thing goes up at the same time. Funny how that works. If this offer intrigues you, here are the details: This book includes the June 2020, February 2021, June 2021, & May 2022 Email Players issues which were all about copywriting. Plus, it also includes the transcripts of a couple intense line-by-line sales letter analyses (for my Subscription Biz & Social Lair book offers) I did for our $499/month Profit Pirates coaching clients. Lots of stuff I either couldn’t fit into my Copy Slacker book (already 800+ pages). Or stuff I learned since writing Copy Slacker. And before you even ask: No, you do NOT need Copy Slacker to learn from the info in this book. If anything, it serves as a nifty “prequel” (or sequel if you already possess it) to my Copy Slacker book you can learn from regardless of your experience, knowledge, or skill level now. It’s also on sale at a thick discount until Friday, June 20 at midnight, EDT. Simply do this: 1. Go to the URL below 2. Read the letter carefully to make an informed purchase 3. Use code WILLIS at the checkout (Make sure you see the price change before entering your info) http://www.EmailPlayers.com/salesliloquies1 Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA