# The 2 most important "health" books ever written

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 16 Dec 2025 20:45:00 +0000
**ID:** 19b28ea3eedb8c76
---

Recently I got to thinking about what I believe are 2 of the most important "health" books of our time. The first of these books is called "The Circadian Code." I wrote about this one earlier this year, in Email Players Annual #4: After School Special - which may not be the "best" writing I've ever done, but has certainly been the most important. It was, after all, written “as” a letter to my son Willis with readers mere voyeurs. And it laid out everything I want him to know should I up & croak before he comes of age about health, trading, money, marketing, business, fitness, how to find a “ride-or-die” wife, and a few Biblical topics, one of which probably sounds like the ravings of a religious lunatic even to actual religious lunatics. At least, I hope it does. Otherwise, I done failed Willis on that (the most important) part. Anyway, it's not for sale, but it will be some time next year. In the meantime, as for the second book? It is called: “The Tyranny Of Metrics” And it’s just what it sounds like - i.e. the dangers (temporal, moral, AND mortal) of being enslaved to “metrics!” Direct marketers online are especially susceptible to this phenomenon. Many are hopelessly & naively enslaved to metrics at the expense of giving powerful Service & Experiences - which, ironically, would result in better metrics if they did. Something few businesses online ever catch on to. And it shows in all the panicking going on amongst various online marketing goo-roos right now. But the Tyranny of Metrics goes far, far beyond having a metrics-first attitude just killing businesses. Today's obsession with metrics-at-all-costs also kills people - literally - too. For example: It'd probably shock a lot of people to see the raw, indisputable data proving, beyond any shadow of a doubt, that there are times when the medical system meant to save you is instead literally paid to kill you, wants to kill you, and in some ways needs to kill you. That's why probably the biggest irony about "The Tyranny of Metrics" is it was written pre covid, with a kind of “trust the experts” (over metrics) bent to it. If it had been written post covid? It’d no doubt read more like a horror movie than mere cautionary tale. Whatever the case: I believe if the info in the two books above had been on more peoples' nightstands, all the lies about jabs & masks & lockdowns... not to mention all your idiot Facebook friends pounding their chests citing corporate/media/government propaganda while publicly wishing death on those of us who knew it was all bull shit... would never have happened. The fact nobody's been brought out in handcuffs proves how corrupt it all is. Personally, I don't trust any big government, big media, big education, big pharma, big tech, big publishing, big religion, big any institution. They are all gate-kept entities run by a lot of blatantly corrupt AND stupid people who took the ticket. Corrupt and stupid is very dangerous combination, to say the least. In a way, The Circadian Code proves this when it comes to health. After all, nobody can "patent" the sun and what the book teaches about it that can radically improve your hormones, energy levels, weight, fitness, sleep, etc. And The Tyranny of Metrics book demonstrates it when it comes to the data, fall out, misery & deaths created by various institutions chasing metrics and funding over all. So that's why those are the two most important "health" books I recommend in 2026: 1. Circadian Code, to help keep you out of the medical system 2. Tyranny of Metrics, to help keep the medical system from killing you On a related note: I have long engaged in and advocated and taught a term I invented - as nobody else had - called Sociological Marketing. This is in direct contrast to the typical (metrics-first) psychological marketing approach 99% of direct marketers talk about, post about, don't know anything else but that to teach about. It's the polar opposite of the Tyranny of Metrics. It ain't about chasing algorithms, "what's working now", or customers/clients. It's about creating a Framework and World people willing enter, and willing stay inside of without having to be a dancing monkey or clown prancing around using tricks & chokes to keep people engaged, responding, buying, and referring. I first wrote about this concept in my elBenbo Press book (not currently for sale). I also wrote about it in my ParaSELL Universe book (also not for sale) in even more detail. Not to mention in my Social Lair, Brand Barbarian, and Markauteur books - also, not for sale. But you know what IS for sale? My BizWorld book. And unlike the above books, it doesn't cost $100s of dollars. (Or over $1000 like elBenbo Press, ParaSELL Universe, & Markauteur cost) It's inexpensive, it's accessible, and it's easily purchased on Amazon: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/bizworld Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA