# I love you but you piss me off

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 14 May 2025 13:14:52 +0000
**ID:** 196cef07c829cd1d
---

So he said in not so many words, but in spirit: === Ben you know what you have single handedly helped me improve my sales in my business more than anybody else on the internet, or that I've ever followed. And it's through the simple idea of mailing your list daily. Your podcast I listen to religiously, and it's helped me just get in that mind frame. Anyways, you also really piss me off. Because you could so easily create great video content, and you could share and teach what you know with a lot more people. Yeah maybe they will be "crap leads". Maybe I'm a crap lead. But maybe you should just do it anyways because of karma. I bet a few hundred thousand Youtube subscribers would bring you more business than you would know what to do with, and you'd need to hire Hedwig from Harry Potter to deliver all those e-mail players subscribers. Anyways, I'm just having a little fun. Thanks for your help and advice, I hope to one day subscribe to your newsletter just because I'm a big fan of yours. === He's not necessarily wrong. But mayhaps he will be glad to know: Email Players subscriber and BerserkerMail co-owner John Wood and I sometimes do impromptu Twitter spaces (not planned, totally done off-the-cuff, when we have a notion to) calls. It’s all live, Q&A style (i.e., send me your questions if you want them answered). Again, these are never planned. So you snooze, you lose, I'm afraid. Not reading my tweets is forbidden if you want to be alerted to these calls. It's also forbidden if you want other info I share outside these emails. Or, in many cases, even outside Email Players, my books, etc. If you want to follow my antics on there go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/twitter Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA