# Biographies for businesses who like doing bid'niz

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 22 Jul 2025 19:45:11 +0000
**ID:** 19833ab347ebfae6
---

Email Players subscriber Zachary Hyde asked me about which biographies I recommend. It’s a good question, too. I get most of my best ideas, insights, solutions to problems, inspirations, even entire book/course ideas from biographies. For the boys & ghouls who have asked about that there is the answer. It’s Gene Schwartz 101 - fill your mind with as much info you find interesting. Eventually your brain starts making all kinds of fascinating connections with all that material in ways you cannot predict or even control. Including ideas that ordinarily have no earthly relations to each other. No fapGPT to try to “brainstorm” with like the marketing proles do necessary. Sack up and go directly to the source where the nuance and gold is. But back to the question... Here is a short list of some great ones that'll keep you busy for a while: * The George Lucas, Dr. Seuss, and Jim Hensen bios by Brian Jay Jones are excellent. * Fred Rogers' (Mister Rogers) bio by Maxwell King. * Steve Jobs' bio by Walter Isaacson. * 12 Lives of Alfred Hitchcock by Edward White. * Neal Gabler's Walt Disney bio. * Frank Capra's autobiography * Ken McCarthy's "How the Web Won" * Marvel Comics: The Untold Story - not so much a person's bio but a billion dollar company's There are many more than the above. Including Stanley Kubrick's biography, Steve McQueen's biography, Thomas Jefferson's biography, George Washington's biography, Andrew Jackson's biography, Hugh Heffner's biography (you will need to take a shower after reading it, just be warned...), Billy Graham's biography, William Randolph Hearst's biography, and many, many more. Far too many for me to remember as I write this. The above are just some top of mind favorites. For anyone drafting a reply to ask which EXACT bios by which authors? My advice is to use some discernment, read descriptions, engage your mind and find the ones you want to read. Some of the above people have several biographies. And part of the power you can extract from these kinds of books begins with researching them based on YOUR interests, peculiarities, which reviews you resonate (or don't resonate) with, and what excites you. But as I read more biographies? I will likely talk about them in the free Settleheads Facebook group. To join us go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/settleheads Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA