# The paradox of guru worship

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 05 Dec 2025 16:45:07 +0000
**ID:** 19aef68d11926ff5
---

I once heard the great Dan Kennedy talk about a weird and paradoxical phenomenon of how, when someone finds a marketing teacher to latch onto, that teacher then becomes the person they think will solve all their other non-marketing problems, too. For example: I've been asked by long time Email Players subscribers things like how to deal with their lying, cheating spouses or investing advice about things I don't even invest in. Another example: Even though I am not a “list guy” I am often asked about list-building. This, even though I wouldn’t even know how to run a Google ad, Facebook ad, YouTube ad, banner ad, or most any other kind of paid ad that is scalable if my life depended on it… the question constantly comes in. And, until about 6 years ago, I never really had an answer. I’d simply tell them some of the slow, tedious, and “meat & potato” list-building methods I use. Now? I simply send them to my “List Swell” book. It’s on sale at a fat 25% discount off the listed price on the sales page until tonight (12/5) at midnight EST. And, while it’s slow (even agonizingly slow to anyone lacking patience), takes a lot of “elbow grease” to make work, and is not at-all scalable… my old-school list-building methods have allowed me to SLOWLY (like molasses) build what I believe is one of the most responsive lists in my industry, with plenty of experiences and testimonials to back up why I say that. There ain’t anything “new” in this book, and some of it needs to be adapted to modern methods. So keep that in mind. Especially any new product junkies reading this, who can safely put that tattered velcro wallet away. But, I do have what I believe is a unique twist on many common list-building methods. Anyway, this Seasons Emailings sale ends tonight (Friday, 12/5) at midnight EST. Details here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/list Use code SANTA at the checkout (where it says “Add Referral Code”) for the discount, and make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle P.S. This book is made up primarily of the 3 “Email Players” issues I’ve written just on the subject (April 2016, February 2019, March 2019, and March 2021 issues - which will never be available as back issues even if I do decide to offer back issues again some day to Email Players subscribers), plus nearly every article I’ve written on the subject in various other issues over the past 10+ years since 2011, along with any bonus trainings included in many issues with various traffic experts. If you have those 4 main issues, you don’t need this book. If you have one or two or three of them, you’ll have to determine whether it’s worth buying or not. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA