# tentacles

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 12 Jul 2025 03:10:01 +0000
**ID:** 197fc9d85e540e12
---

Let me tell you a story. Back in 2002, right before I got into online marketing and copywriting, I was in MLM. That company was going down the tubes, so I reached out to an MLM guy who I respected immensely (Art Jonak) who was doing weekly teleseminars. The teleseminars were totally “generic.” Meaning: The info worked for any MLM company. They were extremely good, too. I still use info I learned during them in my business today. And so I reached out to Art, and asked if he would sponsor me. He did not even reply back. Instead, he sent someone else in his organization to contact me and I joined it. I never really did much after that though. At that point I was seeing my interests go to direct marketing & copywriting. Slinging supplements for an MLM startup didn’t appeal to me anymore. And so I moved on. Now, “fast forward” 18 years: I get a sale in one of my software companies from a name I recognized but did not know if it was who I thought it was. Then one day, he pops up on one of our coaching calls. I can’t resist, and I ask: “are you the guy who sponsored me into that MLM in 2002?” He said yes. He also has been a customer for many of my other offers, in multiple businesses, software, Email Players, etc. He uses the info, makes lots of sales with it (is growing his own mini fan base amongst my customers, from what I can see, and I could not be more excited for what he is doing), how fast he’s growing, how he is starting to dominate his niche. I think he’s bought nearly all my offers at this point. Including, yes…. Client-less Copywriter. The point here is: I talk about putting out “tentacles” into the marketplace inside Client-less Copywriter. And you never know what they will connect to, or what other tentacles from others will connect with you, and how business relationships can form, how customer relationships can grow, and how your enjoyment - and others’ enjoyment - of what you do can perpetuate on itself. Not everything can be tracked with a spreadsheet. I argue few of the really big needle-moving moments are ever found in a spreadsheet. And this kind of story has played out in many ways throughout the years. It has done the same for many others I know, too, including the guy I am talking about: Carlos Samaniego - whose information about how to deal with the IRS is absolutely changing peoples’ lives. This Client-less Copywriter approach is an incredible business to be in. It’s not always easy, and it’s not always pleasant. And there is definitely a learning curve. (I insist people listen to the program at least 10 times) But there is nothing else out there like it. If you do it, enjoy the process… If you want to do it, you can learn it at a fat discount if you don’t dilly dally much longer on deciding. It ain’t cheap, and I do not recommend going into debt to invest in it. But if you have the means, and if you have the right attitude and sense of urgency (or sense of emergency, even better), you can read more about it at the URL below. The deadline is tonight, Friday 7/11, at midnight EDT. That does not leave you much time. But it’s the exact framework I used to go from being a freelance licking client boots to being my own client, running my own show, and having a helluva lot more fun & being able to write the copy I want vs being forced to filter everything through a committee of chuckleheads who all contradicted each other, screwed up the copy, thought they could point the finger at me if something went wrong. I can only imagine how frustrating this is now during the “AI” gold rush. Whatever the case: You can read more about it right here one last time: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/clientless Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA