# How I knocked out a $100k email campaign in 30-minutes

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 24 Dec 2025 20:09:39 +0000
**ID:** 19b51fcd271c99ff
---

Since it's Christmas time... here's the gift of an option for thinking differently about email: Last month while on a long walk, I got an idea for a sale for one of our courses we sell at Low Stress Trading. It’s a course I have obscenely profited from as have many of its customers. i.e. I have a passion for it, and believe in it, use it myself, and sincerely want more of our students to have and use it. And on this walk, in my head, I mapped out 5 emails. This was not planned, and there was no plan to even sell it any time soon. i.e., completely impromptu. When I got home, I plopped myself on the couch with my laptop, thought up an irresistible deal for this course based on what our audience wants, and then knocked those 5 text emails (no images, pictures, graphics) out right in front of Stefania and Low Stress Trading COO & Email Players subscriber Nicole English (who was visiting us) - no doubt with a big goofy smile on my face, since I enjoyed writing them so much. I probably spent only 20 minutes or so on those emails, if that. But let’s just round it up to 30 minutes to make it all more “realistic.” Then, I sent those emails to my business partner at Low Stress Trading (who created the course I was selling) Troy Broussard, to make sure the info in the emails was accurate, and that he'd even want to sell it at all. Again, there was no plan to sell this course, just a brain fart I had on a walk. Then we pre-loaded them and for 5 days (Black Friday week) we released the Kraken. Before I tell you the results: It’s important to note that during those 5 days Troy "fed" off my enthusiasm, and started thinking up & rapidly recording MORE content to add to that particular course, including an interview with me on how I use the info in the course. And he then even added a couple more emails he wrote to the sequence. So we sent 7 emails total before all was said and done over those 5 days. These emails were sent to a list of 2800 people (buyers) give or take. A few hundred already had the offer, though, so it was probably more like 2500 leads. Now for the results: Just a hair under $100k in sales of a digital (pure profit) offer. Not super-inflated goo-roo numbers by any means. But that’s with ZERO upsells, which would have probably added many more thousands of dollars to our coffers. But we haven’t bothered with upsells yet. I explained why in the October Email Players issue this year - where I talked about how we had 600%+ growth this year alone, and are well on track for the company going to 8-figures by this time next year, in its 3rd year of existence. But that $100k came from 7 emails - 5 of which, again, took me a whopping 30 minutes to write. And that were sent to about 2500 leads over 5 short days. Now, quiz time: Were those sales a function of using an ESP with lots of “features”? Or, was that a function of me writing “world-class” email copy? No. It was primarily a function of "plain vanilla" marketing 101 basics: * Message-to-market match to a super engaged and even grateful customer base * Having genuine enthusiasm & passion for a course that does way MORE than promised * An irresistible offer (combo of pricing & bonuses) with a hard deadline * Word-of-mouth in the community from prior buyers (unscripted/unsolicited - they couldn't help talking about it) * Some well-timed, shamelessly obnoxious TEASING by me in the Low Stress Trading community * And, perhaps most important of all: Us having spent 2+ years overdelivering consistent, prioritized (more prioritized than the “marketing”) customer Experience, Support, and Service - not to mention forming insanely strong relationships with our affiliates, our students, our referrals, etc... and all primarily done through... 1. Simple, TEXT-only emails - with no images, pretty design, or nonsensical "engagement devices" 2. That got delivered into the inboxes - and not in the spam, junk, or promotions tabs 3. That formed/strengthened/expanded our relationship with the people who read the emails - including those who did NOT buy, many of who will no doubt be more likely to buy in the future, since we weren’t being pushy, we respected their time, and we gave them an exciting and unforgettable buying Experience A wise boy or ghoul will be able to extract all the many lessons embedded in the above story. But for those who need everything in a checklist or in some AI summary? Pfffft! Right over their pointy lil’ heads. But ultimately, there are two main things to realize: First, it proves it’s not the email “copy” that matters most. Copy is force and merely a sales multiplier. The real work is done via the "leverage" of using the fundamentals above, that have been working since the first Sears Catalog was mailed out in the 1800s. And secondly: It also proves “features” from whatever ESP you use as a necessity for sales and/or growing a business into the 6, 7, or 8+ figures and beyond simply ain't so. I daresay $100k in sales, born from a brain fart on a random walk, to a mere 2,500 people, with nary a single split test, not a single image used, and no pretty designs or email goo-roo tricks & chokes applied, should prove that. Related: It’s amusing to us how one of the criticisms about our BerserkerMail platform since its launch in 2021 is we don’t have lots of “features!” or regularly add "more features!", or give a flying rat's pellet-like turd about "features!" That is not a "flaw", that's by design. My business partner, former Navy Nuclear Engineer-turned-world-renown-email-automation specialist who does actual science (and not online marketing goo-roo fake science) Troy Broussard and I built & designed BerserkerMail first and foremost for OUR own businesses, with our clients as beneficiaries of what we’re doing to run our own successful email-driven companies. And in our case, we primarily care about what matters most: * World class inbox deliverability * As frictionless of loading/sending/scheduling/tracking emails as we can get it * Robust yet still “caveman simple to use” tracking & automation capabilities * A-player Service - as the helpdesk is run primarily by two Email Players subscribers who “get” email, and are not just hired guns who stack copy & paste support ticket responses who have probably never sent a commercial email in their entire lives All right, one last thing about all this. A few months ago, Email Players subscriber Daniel Throssell made an observation about our Learnistic & BerserkerMail software and other offers. Specifically, he said, “In many ways it's like my business has been the beneficiary of things you learned and hated, and then either taught or created products to fix lol.” This is true. It’s also why we’d use BerserkerMail in our own companies even if we had no clients. If the "founder" of whatever pronoun-infested, thought-policing ESP you use can’t say the same? Then have a good trip. Especially as they no doubt keep raising your prices (one of the popular ones took a quarter BILLION in funding a few years ago, and then still raised prices) while simultaneously slowing their software down with more bloat & features you’ll never use even as they force you to pay for it... and doing it all in the service of out-featuring their competitors, and not to serve you, the customer. FOMO is a helluva drug, indeed. As for BerserkerMail: You can get a free test drive at the URL below. You also will get immediate access via your free test drive (and no, you do not need a credit card to get the test drive) to an eBook I wrote that should come in especially handy - regardless of what ESP you use - in 2026 called: “12 Fast Cash Ways To Profit From Email - Even During A Worldwide Financial Crisis” It’s free with your test drive in the mobile app you will get access to upon getting your test drive. Here’s where to go next: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/berserker Ben Settle P.S. Whenever I write about this topic, invariably someone who works in ecommerce will write back insisting their business is different, they "need" features like images or whatever their ESP has gaslit them into believing, and say their emails got to be professionally designed, yada yada yada. And it's all rationalization hamster-spinning. Don't believe me? Well, maybe you'll believe Email Players subscriber Ronaldo De Luca: === Hey Ben, I wanted to give you some juicy email fodder that proves how powerful your email methodology is...even in the niche everyone assumes it won't work in: Ecommerce. Feel free to use this in any marketing asset you want, and you can use my name if you want to as well. Over the past 3-4 months, I've been expanding into the ecom email world, and doing so without using ANY designs at all. Maybe an image every so often (once a month while emailing 5+ times a week) but basically none. I was drawn to this because I saw a massive opportunity to shake up the status quo as deliverability goes further and further down the shitter and every 'ecom email' agency is slowly exposed as a glorified graphic design agency. I signed a few clients who dealt with these agencies before me. All these agencies did was push designs and discounts for every email. They quite literally couldn't wrap their head around not using this approach. Never once tested plain text. Compared to my emails? Every one of my clients has made more money with a plain text, infotainment/world-building approach. And it's not even close. What's more interesting is I'm doing this with almost no discounts (only on special occasions), whereas their previous agencies wanted to do a discount in every email. They said it was the only way to make sales. So, my emails make more sales even though we aren't discounting or showing the product at all. One of those brands is a jewelry brand, an industry you would think would be an exception to this rule -- but it isn't. At least not when you take the Email Players approach to email. I'm also using this with supplement and apparel brands as well. 2 more industries that 'experts' say design is a requirement. My point is -- thanks to the Email Players approach, I'm slowly but surely putting the 'experts' out of business (literally have stolen 3 clients from the same shitty agency). I'm making Ecom Email Great Again, and it wouldn't be possible without the EP methodology. Yet another example of Email Players being ahead of the curve. Thanks again, === I suspect in the coming years you'll see a shift back to the basics I wrote about in this email. But if not? Good. Just means more sales for those of us who know what we're doing.. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA