# getting engagement from people who ignore your emails

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 08 May 2025 12:15:19 +0000
**ID:** 196afd406bdefbfa
---

One of my all-time favorite advertising books is: “The King of Madison Avenue” It’s a biography about the late Mad Man David Ogilvy. And one of the reasons I like it so much is, it talks about a clever copywriting method he invented that can potentially tease even people who often ignore you into enthusiastically opening, reading, and clicking (and, yes, buying from) your emails. It’s probably not the sexiest thing you’ll ever hear. But in my experience from using it since at least 2017 in my emails especially (when I first learned it), it can potentially make your product launches and affiliate campaigns far more profitable, while also dramatically cutting down your opt-outs, too. Full disclosure: Ogilvy didn’t create this technique for email, obviously. He joined the choir invisible in 1999 long after retiring from advertising. So he probably never sent a commercial email in his life for all I know. But, I found it can work quite well for email when done correctly, because it can make it so your emails don’t look or feel like (1) just blatant sales pitches and (2) everyone else’s boring and lame offers that all sound like they were swiped or, more amusingly, prompted with fapGPT by a terminally online dork riddled with TikTok brain. This Ogilvy classic technique is described in detail inside: “Mad Men Copywriting Secrets” I originally gifted it to Email Players subscribers last year (to celebrate the newsletter’s 150th issue). And it’s an oversized (in physical size and word count) issue that exists outside the continuity of the main issues — and contains some of my favorite of those old Mad Men methods. It’s also something I’m making available for sale to the masses, along with an extremely valuable bonus (see the PS below) until tomorrow, Friday 5/9 at midnight EDT. Anyway, you can learn more about it here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/madmen Ben Settle P.S. As for the bonus, it’s called: "The Swipestream Vol 1” A few of the tips inside include: * How to help protect your business from getting fine and/or prosecuted by alphabet regulatory agencies when you didn’t even realize you were breaking any laws! (With cash-strapped states and governments starving for revenue this is more important than ever — especially if you sell anything related to money or health.) * The next best thing to having a crystal ball: How to know what your list wants to buy from your business before they even know! * An old timey day used car salesman’s trick that can help you uncover what your market really wants to spend money on vs what they merely say they want. (Asking this question to would-be customers and clients is like injecting truth serum into them so they tell you exactly what and how to sell to them.) * What to write if you’re stuck and can't think of a way to start an ad or email that can suck readers right in. * An engagement trick discovered by the guy who wrote the “The Elephant Man” that can nab attention even from prospects who’d normally ignore your emails and ads. * An inside look at how mail order millionaire Charles Atlas would sell his offers before anyone even saw the advertising promoting them. And that’s just a small sip. You can read more of what’s inside at the link. Also, very important: You’ll need a smart phone or iPad to access this bonus. So keep that in mind before buying this offer if you want this bonus. Here’s the link again: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/madmen This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA