# Thou shalt have no other goo-roos before me

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 19 Oct 2025 11:44:47 +0000
**ID:** 199fc4b24935816f
---

Behold: Sinner or saint, atheist or agnostic, deacon or derelict, pagan or puritan… there’s a lot you can learn about business, marketing, and creating insanely strong relationships with your customers & email list by reading the Holy Bible. And yes, your daily email horror host practices what he preaches with this. The 3rd Email Players Annual I gifted to Email Players subscribers last year (and now sell) was all about this. Not to mention I publish a book literally titled “Christian Business Secrets.” And I have recorded multiple podcast episodes on this very subject throughout a couple of my old podcasts about all the business, marketing, copywriting, email, etc lessons embedded directly inside ye olde Good Book. I ain’t saying God inspired it for the purpose of building businesses. But the principles are all in there. And they can work for your own business even if you worship Gozer the Gozerian and think the Bible is all the babblings of lunatics. This especially includes a massive “nuclear bomb” weapon in what I long ago dubbed “6G Marketing Warfare” that I have been using for years and years and years up in this business that is freely found in the very first of the 10 Commandments. Specifically, the one that says: “Thou shalt have no other gods before Me” The context is this: God would not allow His people to worship other “gods” or have anything to do with the other tribes worshipping those false gods or follow any of their ways, rules, laws, rituals, or cultures. You had to pick HIM - and HIM only. In fact, there was a thin line between idolatry and adultery. "Cheating" on Him with false gods was akin to your spouse cheating on you, it was that devastating to the relationship. So much so God literally even "divorced" Israel over it. His people were not going to whore after Azazel, Dagon, Baal, Ashtoreth, Milcom, Marduk, or any of the false frog gods, fish gods, stick gods, or any other gods the other tribes & nations who originally occupied the Promised Land were worshipping. God says many times He is a JEALOUS God. He has emotions just like you and I - only supernaturally so. And His people were to have no other god’s before Him. You followed God, His laws, His statutes, His ordinances, and not all these others out there. The reason? There were many reasons - not the least of which were parents burning their children alive for good weather, pedo-charged sex magic rituals, human sacrifice, etc, and those are just a few of the heinous acts going on with them worshipping the other gods. All were wholly incompatible with God’s laws & ways. You couldn’t be 99% in God’s camp doing His ways and still be 1% in Baal or some other god’s camp and doing its ways. You were either one or the other. In or out. On God’s side or the false god’s side. The false gods’ ways were, conversely, highly compatible with each other, and it was easy to mix & match them, and many people did.. But none of them were compatible with God’s ways. And so, you had to choose. Very black & white. Very simple. And also very merciful in many ways. It’s also one of the main reasons, I believe, Christianity grew so big and fast from just 12 people into the biggest religion in the world today. So what does this have to do with your marketing, email, copywriting? And how can you use it in your business? That, my direct marketing disciple & advertising apostle are discussed inside: “ParaSELL Universe” By ruthlessly and, yes, DOGMATICALLY applying this principle to my business. By not at-all making my methods compatible with any many email goo-roos’ nonsensical methods I’ve seen over the years, I have been able to build a very strong, loyal, and successful (at using what I do teach) horde of what I call “Berserker customers” - which is part & parcel of everything I teach about the twin marketing methodologies of World-Building & 6G Marketing Warfare you can read all about up inside ParaSELL Universe. We also apply a lot of it to our Low Stress Trading company, too. And the effect is even MORE radical in there. Whatever the case: ParSELL Universe is on sale until tonight (Sunday 10/16) at midnight EDT. After that this (my most expensive book) goes to full price. And you will have missed out. This book is many of my best teachings - straight from the Email Players issues it is compiled from - about World-Building & 6G Marketing Warfare - including making sure your best customers have no other goo-roos before your business. I believe this info is especially helpful when it comes to “prepping” customers well in advance before launching new offers, doing special sales of your own offers, or conducting affiliate campaigns selling other business’ offers. And if you’re not an info marketer? You’re still going to be doing things like launching your new services and doing joint ventures, so this all can apply to your business, as well. And what this all comes down to is not letting - or at least not making it easy - for your customers, leads, & clients to study, buy, or use anyone else’s methodologies, products, or philosophies with yours. It does not matter what market you are in either - whether you sell marketing advice or advice on how to raise pot bellied pigs - this all applies. You want to do as much as you can to be the ONLY business your customers think to buy from. With your ways being incompatible with anyone else’s. Where your methods are the only ones they use. And if they stray and try to go whoring after another business’ dumb ways… You punish them! Not maliciously. And not out of spite. But out of LOVE, baby. Because you know your methods are what works. If your ways aren’t superior, then why are you selling them? If you know your ways are superior to your competitors, then if you love your market - and you love them like you love yourself - then it is an absolute imperative you do everything in your power so they only buy your ways, hire you for your expertise, and do business with you for your methodologies All right enough Sunday school from elBenbo's business pulpit. “ParaSELL Universe” is easily the most expensive book I sell. But, if you buy it before tonight, Sunday 10/19 at midnight EDT it’s yours at a 30% discount. ($861.00 vs the $1,230.00 it retails for) Use code ZOE by the deadline at the checkout (where it say "add referral code") And make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/parasell Ben Settle P.S. This book is made up almost entirely of these ten Email Players issues (October 2020, December 2020, April 2021, July 2021, September 2021, January 2023, February 2023, August 2023, September 2023, and November 2023) + the transcript of a private consult I did for one of my customers who wanted some help in how to think about World-Building specifically. So if you already possess any of the above issues, you’ll have to decide whether it is worth buying ParaSELL Universe or not. Please think carefully before purchasing, either way. This is a significant investment. And it should not be frivolously purchased. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA