# How a lazy content creator pumped out mass amounts of content

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 09 Aug 2025 02:50:08 +0000
**ID:** 1988cbda81b84553
---

Many years ago, I briefly was in business with a guy who was like a mutated creative content-creating creature created in a government lab when he was motivated. For example: He busted his hump to build a $70k per year business where, for 2 or 3 years, he did absolutely nothing to maintain or grow it, and just played with his kids all day, without losing any revenue. Obviously not a fortune. But not bad for having a workday that essentially added up to checking his PayPal account each day. By his own admission, if he’d had any backend or affiliates he’d have really cleaned up. And he built that business using some now-outdated SEO & article marketing techniques where he had to create some 1,000+ of content over the course of a short period of time. Now, the SEO & article part of this story is irrelevant. Those have long hit their gold rush/mad dash phase where everyone was profiting from gangbusters from it... to being slapped, regulated, gate kept, and now are far less profitable for most. Just like what will happen to so-called AI, incidentally, after it’s gold rush/mad dash phase. The AI bros don’t believe that, of course. They think they party'll never end. But then again, they really think fapGPT will make them bestselling millionaires, too, so there's that. Whatever the case, what is relevant is the content-creation trick he used to: 1. Pump all that content out very quickly where he worked really hard for a short burst of time and then could go back to being lazy 2. Create content that was still valuable 3. Not make that content sound repetitive This last part is especially important. After all, even in weight loss (the market he was in) there are only so many tips you can write about for your own offers. And pounding out 1,000+ articles and not sounding like you’re repeating yourself and boring people ain’t exactly easy. This is one of those "obvious" tips nobody does inside my "Breakneck Content” book. If you turn to page 32 in the book you can see exactly how to do it. The deadline to get this book at a 20% discount is tonight, Friday 8/8 at midnight EDT. To hop on this deal do this: 1. Buy it before the deadline at the link below 2. Use code FAST at the checkout (where it says "add referral code") 3. Make sure you see the price change before entering your credit card info That doesn't leave you much time. In fact, by the time you read this it could already bee too late. Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/breakneck Ben Settle P.S. This book is very small, very short, and very expensive. If you judge information by weight & volume then it’ll be a gigantic waste of money for you. It’s simple, “meat & potatoes” info I’ve used to pump out enormous amounts of content quickly over the last couple decades. However, it requires both thinking & ambition to use. And if you need hand-holding, coddling, or so-called AI then you should probably pass on buying it. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA