# Bish better use spellcheck

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 12 Jun 2025 15:44:35 +0000
**ID:** 19764d0ba955a97b
---

Well, maybe not so much spellcheck, necessarily, but... === Hello Ben, How are you today? I subscribed to your email list many months ago and read your very first few emails... And to be honest you wrote long... It's been very long that some parts might get boring... In my mind, maybe your other subscribers did not see you in that way... So I skipped reading your emails. But this email start was very interesting... So I read it till salutations... Skips the P.S. And I did not find your transition to your product smooth.... I am not very well know copywriter... But yes I am a Direct Response Copywriter too... Just a friendly reminder... Why your transition to your product is abrupt? Despite of the fact that you are a well know Copywriter... Not like me hidden in darkness... Anyway please ignore if you find my response unpleasant. === In my defense, it usually helps if one reads, writes, and speaks fluent English to be on my list. Whatever the case, it's never a dull moment ‘round here. And it likely won’t be for you, either, if you do email the way I teach. If you want to see the only platform I personally use and endorse see our BerserkerMail platform. It ain’t cheap, but then again, anyone wrapping the beating heart of their online business (email) in cheap has bigger problems. Problems, I am afraid, neither I nor anyone else can help them with. For everyone else, you can get a free test drive here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/berserker Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA