# How to save your society

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 07 Oct 2025 11:45:20 +0000
**ID:** 199be7d89511acce
---

A while back I saw this tweet from Codie Sanchez “You know what keeps me up at night as a CEO? That some government or world leader will do something stupid enough to make all our work not matter. Then you remember you can't change that, so you just go back to building.” There’s a hair-raising amount of truth to that. And it’s one reason why I have long suggested to those closest to me in both family & business to prepare for the bureaucrat-created apocalypse to help save their own, personaly society (family & business, loved ones...) by: * Selling stuff online as well as stuff OFFLINE (not being 100% reliant on the internet) * Selling stuff locally, regionally, and globally * Stacking medias & subscription offers and not relying on one of anything * Building & mailing your list every day * Using profits to stuff some saving away in T-bills (to protect yourself from bank collapses), bitcoin, precious metals (not just silver, gold, etc, but also lead - i.e., ammo), at least a little spot of land to grow stuff on, & even livestock. Some of this I talked about in my After School Special Email Players annual recently which was a letter to my own son about this and many other things. That is how important I consider it. Whatever the case: Volatile times are only gonna ramp up harder. And voting harder for your favorite foreign-controlled muppet ain't gonna change a blessed thing. Anyway, ain't all doom n' gloom though. The volatility from the building up of the inevitable storms are already creating lots of opportunities. For example: As much as I think the corporate pushed so-called AI Narrative is a total lie & sham to sucker dumb money speculative investors with nearly the exact same type of artificially created FOMO, gaslighting, and “herd mentality” manipulation that was used to push the fake vax on everyone (the parallels are so obvious, they're in your face)... there are many ways to profit from it while that dumb money is flowing, so it flows to you and not just guys like that CEO running around the media in his leather jacket who thinks he's the Fonzi of Silicon Valley. One way of many ways I am preparing is via our Low Stress Trading Framework. We had a fascinating call about it with the CMO of Agora Financial's Legacy Research yesterday: Email Players subscriber Jon Alexander - who oversaw $1.5 billion in financial newsletters during his time there, who quite literally has seen it all (and knows where all the bodies are buried in that industry) and now ONLY trades our Framework and has taught to his own kids and wife, if that tells you something. The light bulb moment for many who attended was how SIMPLE it is. The are no hacks or secret handshakes - the principles behind it have been around since 300 BC, and are considered so safe the government and brokerage houses allow you to trade it via custodial accounts for your children. Something they would NOT do if it was some high risk, big drama production. If anything, the Low Stress Trading Framework is BORING - and that's by design. It's not supposed to be exciting with lots of emotional highs & lows. If you want that, go gamble doing day trading or whatever like the other chumps do. But even they can (and many do) use it, because the beauty of the trading framework Troy Broussard worked out over 40,000 trades is there is no wrong way to do the right things. As long as you stay within the ultra simple framework, don't get greedy, and have patience & discipline you're good to go. Take me for instance: I'm so low stress about it I don't even track anything. I certainly don't obsess over the markets or even care what they're doing. Most days I do absolutely nothing except glance at my phone for about 30 seconds. On days I do do something, I get paid. When the market tanks, like when the tariffs hit earlier this year, I get paid. When the market goes sideways I get paid, When the market goes up, of course, I get paid. I have zero ego or emotion over it. Because Daddy gets paid no matter what happens. And that's one of many things we will be talking about on today’s live call about Low Stress Trading along with Troy Broussard and also Low Stress Trading co-owner and Email Players subscriber Lindsay Sewell (who we call Low Stress Lindsay she's so laid back about it). She's a super busy mom and wife and trades more accounts than I can keep up with. Including retirement accounts, accounts for her kids, etc. And she does it in a low stress way that takes very little time, and with hardly any stress whatsoever. I believe my own mom will be on this call today, if that tells you something. Usually, a "Profit" is never respected in his or her own country. But family, friends, peers see our results, and they gotta know for themselves. Once people hear about this, they can't "un-hear" it. And, if you want to hear about it, simply attend today's live call. And if you like what you hear... and if you buy Low Stress Trading from my RefCode (SETTLE) today, you also will get your pick of any ONE book I see in the list at the P.S. below. Make sure you read it carefully, as there is a deadline attached to this bonus offer, including a deadline to send me your pick after buying Low Stress Trading. NOTE: This is the LAST time I will be selling Low Stress Trading bundled with this free book offer at this current pricing. Next time you see me promote this the price will have doubled. So if you’re on the fence, or kind of wishy-washy and have trouble making decisions as an adult who votes and pays taxes, keep that in mind. If you want to pay more later, that’s fine by us, of course. But giving you a heads up here that it will double. Anyway, I got two links if this is of interest to you. Link #1: Is to sign up for today’s live, free training on how Low Stress Trading works in “real time”, where I’ll be grilling Troy and Lindsay both on what his trading framework looks like, see Troy's bare nekid account, and ask questions, hold his feet to the fire, even outright badger him to prove he’s telling you the truth (you will be doing him a bonafide favor if you do - he WANTS you to try to stump him). Here’s that link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/options Today's live training is at: 5:00 EDT / 4:00 CDT / 3:00 MDT / 2:00 PDT. If you end up buying the offer, you must use RefCode SETTLE to get the bonus book Link #2: Is to the Low Stress Trading TrustPilot reviews. I cannot legally vouch for any of the claims there, of course. And many are so surreal the three attorneys we hire tell us we can’t really use them as-is in our marketing, but you can read them independently on that site: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/lst/trust Not a fan of putting links to more than one site in an email. But it’s important you make an informed purchase not just for your sake, but because we don’t want people to just “buy” Low Stress Trading, we want people who are bought in to it. Finally: See the P.S. below for the bonus book list and deadline to claim it. Ben Settle P.S. To get a free copy of any one of the books below as a bonus you must: (1) buy Low Stress Trading via RefCode SETTLE at the checkout and (2) let me know which book from the list below BY the 10/10/25 at midnight EDT deadline. If you send me your book pick AFTER that it will be ignored. I hate “tail” in marketing in all its evil forms. So either let me know your book pick by the deadline or no book for you. Here is the list of books to choose from: * ParaSELL Universe * Markauteur * elBenbo Press * Affiliate Launch Copynomicon * Copy Slacker * List Swell * Email Client Horde * Social Lair * Copy Troll * Infotainment Jackpot * Brand Barbarian * Breakneck Content * NOfluence * Copy Salesliloquies * Count of Content To read more about a specific book below, Google is your friend. Again, to qualify for your free book you must (1) buy Low Stress Trading with RefCode SETTLE and (2) let me know your book pick BY the Friday 10/10/25 deadline. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA