# How to use a podcast to get booked solid with clients

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 22 Jun 2025 19:50:13 +0000
**ID:** 19799311a1f6375d
---

Email Players subscriber Paul do Campo ‘splains: === Ben, if you want to use this you can.... How I got to $10k a month as a copywriter was this: Wrote an email a day to an imaginary list using Bens ways. Created my own offer eventually. Wrote to that list. Gained the experience. Networked with people in the industry I want to work in. Showed people who had lists and working offers what I can do. And eventually got hired by a couple of companies. Also sold my own offer in the mean time which helped bring in some income. There's really nothing sexy about it . And definetly not overnight. I should add in there that the "networking" part was just creating a podcast and Interviewing people. === Notice how he wrote even before he had a list. The fapGPT fanboy who can only haunt social media all day cannot fathom that. But if you want clients, re-read that last sentence carefully: He used a free podcast to meet/network with potential clients. Literally just interviewed them, grew a relationship with them, build trust, showed genuine interest, bonded with them… with presumably no having to slide into DM’s and inboxes cold like an anon shot gunning dik pics to strange on dating apps. Brilliant in its obviousness. I suspect that could be done by just about any kind of service business, too. A free tip from Email Players subscriber Paul to you. But, unfortunately, because it’s free, it probably won’t be valued much. That’s just way it goes. One resource that is not free, for this and many other reasons, is the paid Email Players newsletter. Those who are subscribed and use it, know. And I believe this will be especially valuable in July for those wanting to learn my #1 method for "greasing" the wheels of business - with everything from getting more engagement and sales to offer strategy and playing the long game, plus having a surprisingly simple way of having financial security in your business used by some savvy Hollywood actors that can be directly applied to business. Extremely timely, and profitable info. But only for those in-the-know who are subscribed. Everyone else will just keep spinning their wheels as their engagement, sales, response drops. They can't say I didn't try to help 'em... To read more about the newsletter go here: http://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA