# Tyranny’s little helpers

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 04 Jul 2025 17:45:31 +0000
**ID:** 197d68b229dda917
---

One of the single best business books I possess is Ken McCarthy's: "System Club Letters" I've read it well over 50 times over the years. And that ain't no exaggeration. I also even once gifted it to my "Email Players" subscribers several years ago. I think my favorite chapter in the book, though, is about Independence Day, which is today here in the U.S. Ken 'splains why it's lost its meaning: "Reason #1: Independence is no longer a treasured virtue in our country. Reason #2: Many of the things that the Founding Fathers found so objectionable - like taxation without representation for example - have become institutionalized in the US. Big business, big media, big government - the country seems to be run for their benefit today, not ours." People are completely gullible. The blind obedience to big biz, big media, big gov by the American proletariat is truly amazing. Another great insight from that chapter: Ken notes how when this country was founded 90% of people worked (and thought) for themselves. Today? Only 10% do. The rest are slaving away, swallowing everything the media & their Facebook friends tells them, voting their rights away for fear of non-existent boogymen, piling on debt, race baiting, class war-faring, warmongering, money laundering, never questioning, always obeying - Tyranny's little helpers. Ken's solution? Become economically independent. And then use your economic independence to take a stand against the politicians and unelected bankers, bureaucrats, judges, and foreign interests trying to steal yours and your children's birthrights for their 30 pieces of silver. I first read Ken's take on this in 2008. And since then I've been doing just as he suggested -- by investing in pro business freedom software platforms like BerserkerMail, the pro political freedom Oregon Eagle newspaper, and the pro economic freedom Low Stress Trading options trading platform - where some members are starting to do so well they are even dropping out of business (a bad idea, imo, but they will learn that the hard way) altogether and tripling down on living on their own terms. Anyway, very good advice. And I highly recommend putting some serious thought into that. As far as how to become economically independent: To paraphrase a non-American - French-Swill filmmaker Jean-Luc Godard (not Picard): “All you need to make a bundle is an email and an offer” And, I would add: a reliable email platform to send those emails. A platform that was, say… invented by a Nuclear Engineer-turned-software designer who was also the Executive Director of Technology for Encyclopedia Brittanica (running a $12 million department of engineers & developers), and who is one of “the” top guys on the planet when it comes to email automation - doing the testing/tracking/automating of as many as 50 million emails per month during his consultant days. A platform that also can help your business get world-class inbox delivery, too. Plus, superior support where the helpdesk is run by a couple of Email Players subscribers. And, most important of all: A platform that is both ridiculously simple & intuitive for cavemen (like me) but also robust & advanced enough with tracking, testing, campaign-building, etc that lets the email geeks go to town with it... and without everything being slowed down by needless bloat and features nobody uses or gives a shyt about except programmers & developers. Enter our BerserkerMail platform. It does all the above and more. It was created by email marketers for email marketers. And you can see a demo, what makes us “tick”, why we’re different, etc on our free Youtube Channel. We also have a ton of free email training and content there as well - the kind you can watch, absorb, use whether you decide to join us at BerserkerMail or not. More here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/berserkermailtv Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA