# How to create customers who never leave you nor forsake you

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 29 Sep 2025 02:15:21 +0000
**ID:** 199934201b5a8061
---

Let me tell you a story. My business partner in SaaS and Low Stress Trading Troy Broussard and I are both ardent students of Email Players subscriber Vance Morris. Vance is by far the single best resource for learning how to merge customer service with direct response marketing to exponentially ratchet up sales I’ve ever known. He spent 10 years working at Disney learning & honing his own methods for doing as such - including designing, opening & operating “Chef Mickey’s” (Disney’s flagship Character Dining Experience). He has also consulted everyone from NASA & the Executive Office of the United States to Tyson Foods & The Smithsonian, if that tells you something. Anyway, due to his influence Troy and I had wanted to have a “Customer Advocate.” Someone who is: 1. Energized and excited about service and knows Vance’s mysterious ways, not just pays lip service to it, but is really ‘in’ to it, genuinely loves it 2. Is super extroverted, even a motor mouth ideally, who legitimately gets energized by talking to people 3. Someone who calls (yes, on the phone) every new client and gives them her personal phone/text. Someone who Advocates for the customer (even against US if need be), makes sure they are taken care of, checks in on them, makes sure they have everything they need, and can be called if helpdesk drops the ball or something, or if Troy or I do, etc. This is pure Leverage vs force. Force would be superior sales copy, marketing, persuasion, selling, etc. You can more or less track the results of those things with a spreadsheet. Not so much Leverage like customer Service & Experience. Yet, in my experience, the intangibles of the latter is potentially FAR more profitable than the tangibly tracked of the former if done right. Think the movie Babe - where the pig uses leverage (friendliness, likability, empathy, compassion) to herd sheep with little or no resistance, and even a cheerfulness to comply.... vs the sheep dogs who bite, snark, threaten, and manipulate via force. Not saying that doesn’t “work.” But the one is far better for all, than the other, in my humble, but accurate, opinion, Anyway, back to Vance: I didn’t waste time searching around, putting out job inquiries, or hitting up my network, list, or customer base for this customer Advocate for Low Stress Trading. I simply asked Vance if one of his students fit this bill. And that same day he dropped a few names - one of which both Troy and I knew, the second he described her was OUR gal - Jenny Hendricks who I have no problem giving a public shout out to. Didn’t even need to talk to the others. The result? Well, let’s put it this way: You remember that first Avengers movie, where Loki is talking to Tony Stark, saying he’s got an army... and Stark snaps back, “we have a Hulk”? Well, we have a Jenny. And she does all the above, plus a bunch of other stuff related that goes way above & beyond that for our clients. Like, for example: She literally calls (yes, again, on the phone) every single new client to introduce herself, and let them know she’s their person if they ever have any questions, if they don’t hear back from the helpdesk. If something or anything bothers them, or they are worried about something, or just need someone there to make sure they haven’t been forgotten in the rush of business and busyness. Needless to say, she has wildly exceeded our expectations. The clients absolutely love her. Even to the point where she's experiencing the "Fred Rogers Effect." i.e., Fred Rogers (Mister Rogers) had a therapist. But that therapist refused to take his money. And the reason he refused to take Fred's money is because he ended up talking to Fred Rogers, who was then essentially his therapist. He just loved talking to him due to him being such an incredible listener. We are seeing that happen with Jenny: People keep just wanting to talk to her, to the point where we have to start imposing restrictions. You think that doesn't do something for sales, retention, and referrals? Or that so-called AI could replicate that? Whatever the case: Jenny makes them feel welcomed, she directs them to the right resources, and she works as a “filter” for us. Not to mention, she Advocates for the customer even against us, if we are out of pocket or too quick to want to zap someone for some reason. We curate hard at Low Stress Trading. And Troy is not slow to ban and exile those who would do any harm to the community in any way - including by trying to fill it with generative AI comments or even so much as mention AI. While Troy is the death ray, Jenny brings the sunshine to counter it as we deliberately planned and wanted. i.e., Jenny gives us balance. She gives the clients peace of mind. And as I mentioned above, she is doing far more for client retention (and churn-prevention) than any amount of slick marketing hacks, bribes, emotional blackmail, or other goo-roo tricks ever could. Something else: Hiring someone like that is part & parcel of having a customer Experience-first Sociologically-built business vs the typical “metrics first!” and money-saving short term thinking psychologically-built direct marketing business like practically every IM goo-roo teaches, as they don’t really know anything else. If you think I exaggerate simply listen to their own words. It’s all about metrics and jargon. i.e., open rates, ROI, click rates, opt-in rates, lifetime value, etc etc etc. Never anything about the customer Experience. Yet, if you get the customer Experience down first, those “rates” they obsess over more or less take care of themselves. I have never once not seen this be the case, not only in my own companies, but in the ten companies I briefly mention (enough for one to seek out and do your own due diligence on them) up inside the October Email Players issue. The entire issue is about Low Stress Trading’s “Sociological” format. How it differs from the psychological format you are most likely doing. (If not, and are doing it the Sociological way, you’re to be congratulated.) Chances are though, unless you’re a student of my elBenbo Press and/or ParaSELL Universe methods, you are doing things the psychological way and not the Sociological way, as I had to invent the term and was the first to my knowledge to talk about it up in our space, since I never saw anyone else doing it, much less teaching it. They wouldn’t even know how. With a lot of them I don’t think they are “wired” for it. That’s not a “bad” thing, necessarily, and is good for psychological marketing which requires zero abstract thought, and just looking at a spreadsheet and swiping what your superiors are doing. But you don’t see a whole lot of billion dollar companies doing that. * Steve Jobs, for example, bragged about not doing that sort of thing (he was a customer experience-first guy and started with that). * Walt Disney didn’t get started that way, either (he was an animator, wanting to entertain his audiences first). * Neither did guys like Fred Rogers (wanted to save kids from the TV swamp, didn’t even accept paid ads on his show). * Star Wars was made when the “metrics!” said science fiction was dead in Hollywood. * You could say Marvel did the same in the 1960’s - all the spreadsheets and sales figures said Stan Lee’s ideas would not “work.” He was ready to quit over it all, and did it his way, it worked spectacularly, and his boss (Martin Goodman - pure psychological business man - literally bragged about following trends) acted like he knew all along. And the list goes on and on and on. All Sociologically-minded businesses vs psychologically-minded. The problem with Sociological marketing is this: It’s not in any books or courses or seminars. I see people just now - almost 12-years later - finally starting to talk about my World-Building methods. But even they don’t realize that what makes World-Building “tick” is Sociological marketing - the stuff that cannot be tracked with a spreadsheet. So it goes in internet marketing land. You can, of course, listen to whoever you want. If you want to do it my way, and see exactly how we’re using a Sociological-marketing approach to grow our Low Stress Trading business (which is even more “pure” Sociological-marketing driven than my own book & newsletter company) to the tune of some 400% growth in the last year alone, and if it keeps going how it is will dwarf that a year from now and sail us into the 8-figure range (we will see... can’t predict everything, and, as they say, shyt does happen... but so far, so good...) see the October Email Players issue. The part that might shock some: There is nothing “secret” about anything we’re doing. It’s the only reason I am teaching it in the detail I am. There is nothing to hack, and no secret marketing goo-roo tricks needed. You could, technically, just observe what we do, then express it in your own unique ways. In the October issue I arrange everything, and explain the psychology and strategies behind it. That won’t appeal to the penny pincher types who think they can “save money” that way. But they are doomed to be broke and chasing metrics and “what’s working now!” forever anyway, and have no place amongst my righteous Email Players of the Horde. All right, enough. The deadline to subscribe in time is in just two short days. More about what’s inside is in the P.S. below. To subscribe while you still have a little time go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s a look at what’s inside the October Email Players issue: * How using porn-o disgraced two of the most brilliant direct marketers who ever walked the face of the Earth. (You can still learn a lot from these two - even if it’s a what-NOT-to-do situation.) * A sneaky storytelling secret used by a soap opera that’s been running non-stop for 62 YEARS... that can make it hard for customers to resist engaging with & buying your offers. * A real life example for how to “stack” 2, 3, 4, even 5 or more subscription/continuity offers without suffering from withering churn or burning customers out. * The “Jenny Factor” secret used by Walt Disney that can dramatically cut down on churn and dramatic sales dips - even during bad economies. * How to (100% legally & ethically) use a method perfected by an abusive, cult-like 1970’s self-help group to get so many more affiliates sales it will probably legitimately freak you out! (It freaked us out a bit, at least, when we started implementing it...) * What to if you’re kind of an off-putting jerk & arsehole but want to build good will and strong customer relationships. * A powerful sales conversion secret David Ogilvy discovered in the 1940’s (when working in the movie business) that can work even better for online businesses today. * An ingenious lead gen trick used by the world’s largest TV ministry (beamed into some 20-30 million households per day for the last 40 years) to rake in more revenue than they know what to do with... and without without begging (if anything they literally mock beggars), fundraisers, passing plates, or emotionally blackmailing people. * The startling discovery behind the most profitable marketing “funnel” that has probably ever been invented. * Why our Chief software developer Pedro (a true savant whose used his coding skills to build a platform for brain cancer research at a major university, if that tells you something...) refuses to code with so-called AI. (If anything, our business that has done over 400% growth in the last year, is hiring MORE developers even as everyone else is foolishly firing their teams to “save money.”) * A shrewd secret for growing a better and more responsive email list used by Old Testament farmers to grow better and more abundant crops. * The controversial “F-bomb” secret behind the enormous success of some of the most successful brands in history. (Including from beloved children TV hosts/authors like Mister Rogers and Dr. Seuss... to the most reviled church on the planet, polarizing filmmakers, late night talk show hosts and more. If they are/were big, chances are they did this F-bomb trick hardly any online businesses do.) * Advice to frustrated freelance copywriters who see clients doing dumb shyt all the time that only makes your job harder and response lower. * Ten people to study and model for World-Building to create a business people love to enter and hate to leave. (In my experience you will learn far more about growing a business observing these 10 people - many who aren’t/weren’t even “businesses” - than you will from some goo-roo prancing around a seminar stage or mastermind room.) * Insider secrets for potentially making more sales & more profits by NOT using 1-click upsells. * Why obsessing over direct marketing jargon like LTV, CPL, CPA, CPC, CTR, CAC... is a recipe for frustration, churn, & failure. (And what my businesses do that can create far more joy, peace of mind, and, yes, consistent cash flow.) * The “tyranny of metrics” phenomenon that can cause otherwise brilliant brands to make colossally stupid decisions, piss off all their customers, and even outright collapse almost overnight! * Why “selling the click” in emails (like spammers all do) is amateur hour at best... and what works far better to make sales, grow relationships, and create life time customers. * Why you should be ultra-skeptical of any SaaS offer that is NOT a subscription model. (Screw it. I might as well just give this one away here: People bitch & moan about subscriptions... but all them new development features, updates, and bug fixes ain’t gonna pay for themselves. Avoid cheapskates if you sell software, and everyone will be happier - including people who DON’T buy because it’s an “oh noes!” subscription.) * How to potentially create a customer base so rabid and “in heat” to support your business that cheerfully and aggressively refers almost everyone they know to you. * Why the vast majority of “name” goo-roos you see are not that great of marketers... just great at building audiences. (No need to take my word for it, simply observe them - especially the ones shilling so-called AI suddenly. It’s not like they hide this fact. More on this inside.) * How to make a bundle of new sales by deliberately NOT spending a lot of time on launch strategy, sales copy, emails, or campaigns. * A totally “counterintuitive” way one of my businesses uses to recruit the best affiliates in our network (Including one who recently put in over 500+ new members into our $1,000 up front, $100/month offer recently, with a couple more seriously interested who could very well dwarf that. You do the math...) * How to help figure out what business you are “really” in to create long term wealth far beyond what you ever could dream of now. Something to know before reading further: This inner game approach I teach inside has been used by everyone from Trump and Walt Disney to companies like Subway and Starbucks. We’ve been using it, for example, in our software business to be on track to make more cash flow/sales over the next 5 years than from the offers we sell in the company. If you do nothing but read, understand, and apply this, it can pay for literally 100 YEARS of your Email Players subscription. No joke, and no exaggeration. This is the #1 most profitable thing I have ever learned (from Dan Kennedy). And I am passing it on to those who read the October Email Players issue. To subscribe in time while you still can go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA