# Might as well just sell porno and get it over with

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 19 Oct 2025 19:14:51 +0000
**ID:** 199fde7229e3001b
---

I’m no Seth Godin fanboy. But someone was telling me about a bit he said where “enough A/B testing will turn any website into a porn site.” It’s very true, too. And obviously it is the extreme levels of having a business that only lets numbers and metrics and algorithms dictate decisions. In fact, here is some irony: Couple years ago, I read the bio of Hugh Hefner who was steeped in deviancy in ways most people have no clue about. (I certainly didn’t until reading it.) A guy whose grandpa was a pedo, whose parents had some weird secksual "hangups" of their own that affected Hugh... and whose entire life was nothing but a pursuit of porno, lust, and getting laid no matter how much it harmed his life, health, personal relationships, children, society, and the list goes on. And yet, even HE had limits on what he’d allow as far as his content. Not because taking things even farther wouldn’t sell. He knew full well taking things farther than he did would sell. He even got a bit worried about competition blowing past him for a time who didn’t reign things in. But, it went against his vision of what he was trying to do, who he was trying to serve, and the kind of publishing empire he was trying to build, and even what kind of advertisers he wanted. There was, for example, a time where he deliberately took a big hit in ad revenue and subscriptions to stick with his vision, even as competitors were seizing market share. Some would call that bad business. And maybe they’d be right. I am not a fan of Hugh and think he was a gigantic, gaping net negative on society. But it was interesting to see him apply some of the same what I call “Sociological Marketing” vs psychological marketing approaches to building his publishing business as guys like Disney did to his animation studio. And like Hearst did to his newspaper empire, too. And as even a guy like Trump did it to get elected yet again by ignoring a lot of polls and stats and numbers and going with a more Sociological approach like I teach in my book: “ParaSELL Universe” The book is comprised of all the Email Players issues where I taught the twin concepts I’ve pioneered of World-Building (of which Sociological Marketing is required to do) & Sixth-Generation Marketing Warfare - where selling, pitching, marketing, and promoting (directly or indirectly) can be done well before anyone sees an offer, or before a product is even created, with most of the selling being done by that company’s fans & customers (as well as its haters & trolls). And sometimes potentially without those customers even being aware of it by you using everyone and everything as a marketing media to sell with. It is also easily the most expensive book I sell. But, if you buy it before tonight, Sunday 10/19 at midnight EDT it’s yours at a 30% discount. ($861.00 vs the $1,230.00 it retails for) Use code ZOE by the deadline at the checkout (where it say "add referral code") And make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/parasell Ben Settle P.S. This book is made up almost entirely of these ten Email Players issues (October 2020, December 2020, April 2021, July 2021, September 2021, January 2023, February 2023, August 2023, September 2023, and November 2023) + the transcript of a private consult I did for one of my customers who wanted some help in how to think about World-Building specifically. So if you already possess any of the above issues, you’ll have to decide whether it is worth buying ParaSELL Universe or not. Please think carefully before purchasing, either way. This is a significant investment. And it should not be frivolously purchased. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA