# Tony Soprano’s secret to tripling your productivity

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 27 Jun 2025 23:44:40 +0000
**ID:** 197b3c78b6e7f99a
---

The late James Gandolfini (i.e. Tony Soprano) once said: "It is an odd way to make a living. Putting someone else's pants on and pretending to be someone else is occasionally, as you grow older, horrifying." So it was back in my freelancing days. I used to use certain acting techniques to try to become the client as much as I could to write like they would think. In at least one case, the guy who created the offer I was selling still haunts my psyche. And I find myself - 21 years later - thinking, speaking, and behaving like the guy. He was a crotchety old guy who was a world class expert at how to buy businesses. Very grouchy. Very no-nonsense. The kind of guy who was not trying to be entertaining but was. In his case, his personality even seeped right into the Fezziwig character in my Enoch Wars books: a 5,000 year old vampire, plagued with old man pains but can't die since he’s a vampire... assumes every man is gay until proven otherwise... is so right wing he thought Genghis Kahn was a commie. The client wasn’t exactly like that. But the crotchety part certainly was, and some early dialogue for Fezziwig even slipped in that had been hovering in my mind from back when I was poring over transcripts of the client's interviews. Extremely successful sales letter, too. The royalties from it paid all my debt off at the time which was a huge deal. But I doubt it’d have been that way had I not “become” the guy. But back to Tony Soprano: One of the acting tricks he used to stay in character - mean, nasty, anger bubbling under the surface at all times while prone to beating the hell out of a guy if it suited his fancy to - was to insert a small stone in his shoe. That stone would constantly piss him off and keep him in a perpetually antagonzing state. Did it work? Well, if you’ve seen the show you probably can’t “unsee” the trick he used now. Hugh Jackman had a somewhat similar approach to playing Wolverine. Early on when making X-Men he was staying with his wife in a hotel with no hot water. But he had to get up early each morning to be on set. So what did he do? He sacked up and stood under the ice cold showers each day, wanting to howl in rage at it like anyone would... but not wanting to wake up his wife, so he held it in. The result: He realized that was Wolverine’s constant state 24/7. He was always feeling pure rage but had to “bottle it up” like he was doing in the shower. To say that made his 20-years playing that character stand out would be an understatement. And, like with Tony Soprano, probably most can't "unsee" it next time they watch one of the Wolverine movies. Great Performers have all kinds of tricks like this. And it recently got me to thinking how the rest of us could use that concept to be more productive. Especially if you have trouble motivating yourself now, but need or want to get a bunch of stuff done, and know your procrastination is holding you back. When that happens, take a page from these Actors’ script books. Just “adapt” the rock-in-the-shoe technique to business, like: (NOTE: do these at your own risk) * Impose a crushing deadline on yourself - whether for your own projects or a client. Whatever time you have to do it, or whatever time you client gives you to do it, cut it in half and tell the you will refuse the fee or give it back if you don’t make the deadline, then watch what happens... * Pull a Fyodor Dostoevsky and put yourself on the “death ground” - in his case, when he got to financially comfortable and lost motivation to write... he gambled all his money away, forcing himself to get back to work. I did a version of this (not exactly, but same concept) twice in the past six years to pay for two huge purchases (including ownership in a business) and it sucks... but it works. * Go to an echo chamber where you agree with everyone... and then argue opposite of what you believe, offering a cash prize to anyone who can stump you. See if that doesn’t force you to become more persuasive, a better copywriter, create a far more shrewd approach to researching facts and data. * Create and sell an offer to a market you dislike - and even passionately hate. Take their side, argue their side, become “one” (even if temporarily) with that side. If you think Trump is the Devil sell something to MAGA... or vice versa with Obama and his communist voters. Become “one” with the opposing side, empathize with them, see their point of view, and watch what happens to you research & copywriting chops. * Make a public bet with your worst enemy or competitor - maybe a copywriting competition or something - where your ego and reputation are both on the line if you lose, and vice versa. Watch what happens to your heart rate, your energy levels, your ability to triple or even quadruple your output, find more time, ignore all the frivolous stuff you waste time on now. Those are a few examples off top of my head. But you can learn a lot about business, marketing, copywriting, productivity from Hollywood. Yes, it’s a cesspool of evil and pedos. Of course, it’s gate kept bydecrepit boomers who won’t let go of power. And naturally, it’s full of the worst of humanity. But you can learn far more from those you hate & fear than those you like & are comfy with. Still, if all this is too hair-raising and you want less dramatic ways to learn some of this stuff, see the July Email Players issue. It’s all about Infotainment. And my main source of learning more about that is... Hollywood. i.e., the Entertainment business. And especially how top Performers do their thing, so I can do it in my own business. More in the P.S. below. To subscribe before the looming deadline go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here are the highlights of what it teaches: * The “you can go to hell!” headline (or subject line) secret to getting so much engagement it’ll probably freak you out the first time you use it. * A crazy-ass Method Acting trick that helped my sales copy build a six figure per month business in the golf niche. (I’d never even played golf at the time, yet this trick beat the hell out of the control written by a far more seasoned golf niche copywriter right out the gate.) * The “multiple personality” phenomenon for writing world class email and sales copy. (If you haven’t “heard” the voices of the markets you’ve written to haunting your psyche 24/7 years after writing the copy, it means you’re still sane, but probably not making the sales you could. Use at your own risk.) * The semi-insulting reason reason Email Players subscribers without the ability to think abstractly struggle with using the content. (Something to consider before subscribing - don’t say you weren’t warned.) * How to make your emails, social media, sales copy more fun for people to consume than their favorite Netflix, Hulu, Apple, Amazon, and other streaming shows/movies. * An ingenious method (used by Marlon Brando in his most celebrated roles) that can potentially ramp up your email engagement and sales as much as 2 or even 3x over time . A sneaky acting technique (I’ve never seen a single marketing goo-roo teach) seen in “The Godfather” that created chillingly* perfect performances... and how to use it to create such almost chillingly strong relationships with your leads, prospects, customers, and clients they may not want to buy from anyone BUT you. * Advice to people who write emails and social media posts in advance to potentially cut your writing time in half - and without using TikTok brain-level generative AI. * The single best free resource (found on Facebook) I’ve ever used for hammering out infotaining emails, social media posts, audio/video content, and even sales copy. (Next time you get “stuck” for ideas simply go to this Facebook page, read a post or two, and watch as interesting, engaging, and cashflow-creating content will probably flow right out of your brain. That’s been my experience, at least.) * A shrewd market research tip from actor Christopher Lloyd that make your business a pile of new sales almost immediately - and possibly even the first time you use it. (A caveat: if you suck at pattern recognition this tip WILL NOT work. Fair warning...) * The 6-word “folk horror” secret behind some of the highest grossing sales letters ever penned. * The little-talked about infotaining sales letter/email template (used in certain Gary Halbert and John Carlton ads - if you know what to look for) I’ve been quietly using in my most engaging content for over 20 years. * A beat-for-beat breakdown of one of the most profitable emails I’ve ever written that was 14 PAGES long! (Email goo-roos saying long emails don’t “work” should be ignored. And this email proves it. Inside I walk you through my 14-page monster you can probably use in your very next email to get more engagement & sales, if you choose.) * The “never have to worry about money ever again” secret used by Bruce Willis and Samuel Jackson to get all the money, fame, and respect they could stand... even though they made far MORE box office duds than successes. (This trick was also used by Stallone, Keanu Reeves, Mel Gibson, Arnold, and others... and if you know what you’re doing, you can apply this directly to your own business to STEAL engagement and sales right out from under your competitors’ noses.) * A dire warning from a Mad Man-era advertiser whose advice seems almost like prophecy today for anyone using generative so-called “AI” to create content. Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA