# “Mad Man” copywriting secrets

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 05 May 2025 15:45:02 +0000
**ID:** 196a120ba7c890e8
---

A true story from the “Jurassic” era of advertising: About 22 years ago, back when Fred Flintstone worked a dinosaur crane at Mr. Slate’s Bedrock Quarrel and Gravel Company, I listened to a audio cassette tape where Dan Kennedy interviewed a for real “Mad Man” copywriter from back in the agency days. His name? Walter Bregman. As Dan Kennedy put it in the tape: “Depending on your point of view, Walter gets the credit or blame for a ton of the advertising we’ve grown up with over the years. Like the Marlboro Man, Fly the Friendly Skies, & industry-famous campaigns for Gallo Winery, Proctor & Gamble, Colgate, Vicks, Chanel, Max Factor, Philip Morris, and the list goes on.” Walter also worked directly with the true legends & greats of advertising. Like Leo Burnett, David Ogilvy, & Norman B. Norman. The Mad Men TV show producers even consulted Walter due to his proximity to the times, the agency business, culture, & unique advertising us young’uns take for granted today. Needless to say: That tape had a profound impact on my approach to everything from my copywriting, to my marketing, to even my emails — even though nobody would sell with email for another 30 years. It also put me on a journey to “ferret” out all I could about how those Mad Men-era guys created such memorable, & profitable ads. Enter an Email Players “Annual” edition I gifted Email Players subscribers in early 2024. (As a gift that accompanied the 150th milestone Email Players issue) I called it: “Mad Men Copywriting Secrets” It is an oversized (in physical size and word count) issue that exists outside the continuity of the main issues — and contains some of my favorite of those old Mad Men methods. It’s also something I’m making available for sale to the masses, along with an extremely valuable bonus (see the PS below) until this Friday, 5/9 at midnight EDT. Anyway, you can learn more about it here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/madmen NOTE: Unless "grandfathered" in as a current Email Players subscriber we do NOT ship to the following countries: Andorra, China, India, Indonesia, Japan, Mexico, Nigeria, Thailand, Russia, Philippines, or the Ukraine. If you order from one of those countries your order will be voided. Ben Settle P.S. As for the bonus, it’s called: "The Swipestream Vol 1” A few of the tips inside include: * A sneaky way to use women (and in a way even the most cranky of feminists won't be offended by) in your advertising to help ramp up your sales… and without them having to dress like hoes or show any cleavage, skin, or sex appeal whatsoever. * Is there a near perfect offer to back end sell? (I believe there is, and this ditty I learned from one of the world’s top conversion experts is just that.) * An old TV preacher’s secret to getting listeners to send him lots of money literally on command and without mentioning hellfire, blessings, or even God. (His fans behaved almost like trained seals. And while I never cared much for the guy, I can’t argue with how well this ballsy method for raising funds worked.) * By FAR the fastest way I’ve ever used to get lots of qualified leads onto my email list, and that just about anyone else can do. * What the Bible teaches about defeating burnout and managing your energy and creativity. An ingenious copywriting technique I learned directly from one of the world’s top A-list copywriters that feels like information content to your prospects but, really, it is pure selling. (I use this nearly every day in my emails, on social media, in my content, in my sales letters, and the list goes on. Easily one of the most profitable copywriting secrets I’ve ever learned and now I pass it on to you…) * A clever way to use the FTC and other alphabet agency rules to make your sales copy more engaging, responsive, and profitable. There are many more, that’s just a small sip of what is in this bonus. You can read more of them at the link below. Also, very important: You’ll need a smart phone or iPad to access this bonus. So keep that in mind before buying this offer if you want this bonus. Here’s the link again: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/madmen This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA