# The weapon Stefania used to ward off subway rapists

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 21 Oct 2025 02:14:39 +0000
**ID:** 19a048c12275c2fb
---

After some 9 years of Stefania reading, editing, & discussing my horror novels & twisted screenplays & comicbook scripts... as well as being subjected over and over and over to the same B-monster movies I love & have been way too influenced by for my own good… she is at a point where she literally frightens the normies. For example: Since having Willis she’s been taking belly dancing lessons. And a while back her dance teacher was showing her how to sit up on the ground with her back straight and her arms out as part of one of the lessons. And Stefania, God bless her creepy lil' heart, asks: "Oh! You mean like a vampire rising up out of a coffin?" Her belly dancing teacher paused, looked at Stefania like she’s insane, then replied: "Uhm. Well. Yeah… I guess so…?" I truly created a monster with Stefania. And it’s for the good of the normie population she remain locked inside the deepest, dankest dungeon, half starved and sedated down in the dungeon to protect them from her… Anyway, this goofy story obviously has nothing to do with anything. But, it was amusing to write it. Yes, pookie, it’s okay to remove that stake stuck up your bum in this business. Who knows? You might even catch yourself having a little fun and making a little money. Also, speaking of vampires & Stefania’s creepiness: When I first met her up in my old elBenbo's Lair Facebook group back in 2016, she immediately bought my first Enoch Wars novel Zombie Cop. Whether she did so because she legitimately liked twisted monster stories or just wanted to out-fangirl some of her competition in there (or both)… she bought it, read it, then binged the rest of the books - and even ended up writing the introduction for and editing the 5th book in the series ("Werewolf Bastard") later on. She also gave me one of its best testimonials. Not a testimonial about the book or about me, though. But about the book's cover. Here's what she said: === For the second time this week, I’ve taken Zombie Cop with me on the subway. And, the first round’s result was not a fluke: as soon as I whip out my hard copy, I’m only strange stares and double-takes, instead of the usual leer and catcall. Seeing large, brutish guys back away from me on an already-packed train makes for a refreshing commute. Didn’t expect Chief Rawger to have my back but, alas, here we are. === I remember thinking I didn't see that one coming: My Zombie Cop novel used as weapon to help ward off New York City subway rapists. With the communist they're about to elect as mayor, I reckon the women'll need it.. Whatever the case, if the books interest you: I give away that first novel Stefania referenced in the series free in eBook, audio book, and even screenplay format up inside the Enoch Wars mobile app should you desire to partake of it. There is nothing to buy or opt-in to. You simply need a smart phone or iPad to get in via the free Learnistic app. I also have a bunch of other free content in the Enoch Wars app, too. Including content about the business & writing sides of fiction. Here is the link to download the free app and access the content: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/enochwars Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA