# How the Holy Spook used a cape to get swamped with new clients

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 21 May 2025 22:15:26 +0000
**ID:** 196f4ec030cc062a
---

One of the books I think all direct marketers should read is: “King of Madison Avenue” It’s a biography of the late David Ogilvy and there are many useful, profitable, and outright whacky insights for not only growing your business but getting clients, standing out, and being an unforgettable & “must-hire” character unto yourself. Example: One of my favorite parts is when it talks about how Ogilvy (an atheist) was a big fan of how the Catholic Church is structured, and how he based his ad agency's structure on a lot of the same principles it uses. Even going so far as haunting the halls of his own agency calling himself: “The Holy Spook” Another thing that stood out: Ogilvy was one of the best trolls in the advertising business. This guy trolled everyone. He’d troll friends, family, employees, clients (telling clients things like “why buy a dog if you’re just going to bark yourself” or “if you want monkeys, pay peanuts”), his spouses (one time he knew his wife had been busting her butt all day for several hours cooking for him to please him... just for him to fix himself a bowl of Grape Nuts cereal and not eat the meal), business associates (when eating at fancy restaurant with snobby elites he'd just order a plate of ketchup), and even himself. This also included trolling clients. And, he often trolled BEFORE he was successful and anyone had heard of. In this case, he’d wear… a cape to client meetings. Imagine this unassuming guy nobody had ever seen or heard of, no big name in the industry, no real reason to trust him with their big advertising budgets and accounts… walking into a meeting to sell clients on hiring his agency, while wearing a cape. That alone is well worth pondering, No, I’m not saying to wear a cape, to think that is to miss the point. But I wonder if he were alive now, especially with social media and memes, if he wouldn’t use trolling in his advertising to the hilt to get clients. Especially since one of the big principles he lived by was to always tell the truth in advertising, but make sure you always make the truth interesting. The above Ogilvy story reminds me of something else about getting premium customers. And that is something my long time pal up in this business Danny Iny has been talking about recently, where with best time to launch something big – like an online course, coaching group, or mastermind – is EARLIER in your business, when still new or newish. You don’t have to wear a cape like Ogilvy did. Although a bit of flamboyance can certainly go a long way. And Danny is teaching a special, 6-week class on this, where he will personally guide you through creating and launching your own highly profitable course, coaching group, or mastermind. And, he will teach you how to do it in a way where it does not matter if you have a massive audience/list or elaborate marketing funnel or network of goo-roos hyping you up to the crowds. I can count on 3 fingers the number of people I’d learn this sort of thing from. And Danny is one of those digits. Enrollment in this course closes tomorrow, Thursday, May 22 at 3pm Eastern. You can read more about it here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/danny Ben Settle P.S. Also, the above is NOT an affiliate link. I don’t get paid any money if you buy one way or the other. It’s a tracking link for his team’s internal use, but I told Danny I don’t even want to be on the affiliate leaderboard or any of that. I am doing this simply because he and I have mutual respect, and we like to promote each other to each other’s lists at times. And this just happens to be one of those times. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA