# The heavyweight champion of the world of writing hacks

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 21 Nov 2025 15:15:29 +0000
**ID:** 19aa6fc242be6569
---

Fifteen years ago next month, during the week between Christmas and New Years, I decided I’d had enough of copywriting client work. I was doing a lot of copywriting for others at the time. But I grew tired of it and wanted to be my own client. So I sat down during that week and hammered out a detailed business plan to build out a company selling info products and supplements to a male health-related niche. The plan heavily involved following what a guy at the time showed me for how he built a $70k per year weight loss info publishing business doing nothing all day except answering a few customer service questions and playing with his kids, and sleeping in until 10 am. A $70k business may not sound like much. But $70k in 2010 is $104k+ in 2025 money. And his entire operation was: 1. Almost 2,000 articles on various article directories (SEO-driven, no longer viable) 2. Which drove traffic to his opt-in page 3. Then use email to sell a $19 eBook via PayPal That was his entire business: No affiliates, no funnel, no back end sales, no joint ventures, no nothing else but that. And I remember thinking if an amateur like that could do $70k per year doing almost nothing, imagine what someone who does know copywriting, who does know how to create a back end, and who does understand how to build out a funnel, serve customers, think beyond making 5 sales per day could do? And so I got to work. And I spent the next month and a half following his protocols: * Writing nearly 1,000 key word optimized unique articles for article directories * Writing nearly 500 key word optimized unique blog posts * Writing the eBook, the sales page, and a 101-email sequence (overkill in hindsight..) Plus, I was on retainer with a client at the time writing all their emails, sales pages, webinar scripts, squeeze pages, and other advertising - not to mention writing all my own stuff selling a print newsletter (called The Crypto Marketing Newsletter), daily emails, etc. That was a lot of writing. Probably around 3 novels' worth of writing in 1.5 months by sheer volume. And I distinctly remember getting so little sleep during that month and a half that I was just sort of existing in a haze, like a waking dream state, where I couldn’t tell you anything about my life during that time other than I was just always writing, Writing, WRITING… often only sleeping for an hour or two, and probably putting my health at risk in ways I shudder to think about now. But I got the work done. And I then took a much-needed road trip to see my dad. During that road trip I watched as my little fledgling operation started paying off. I wasn’t making a fortune. But I was starting to get 2 or 3 sales per day of my own little $19 offer coming in, and then increasing to 4 and 5 sales per day, all automated (me doing nothing at that point) and it was looking like it’d keep going up with very little upkeep on my part - going to $100/day to $500/day, etc, which was the plan. Daddy was pretty proud himself that day. Then, out of the blue: Half way through the vacation… Google decided to ‘slap’ article directories. My page one content got zapped to page 10 or 20 or whatever. The sales all dried up immediately. And all that work was in vain. Or was it? Because a strange thing happened after that. After writing all those words and sentences and pages… after all that keyboard pounding and not sleeping… after all that work and effort… I found sitting down to write just ONE email per day so easy, it was almost laughable. Banging out sales pages also took probably half the time, and I was already really fast at it following what later became my Copy Slacker methodology. And what used to sometimes take an hour would be done in 5, 10, maybe 15 minutes - max. To this day, writing “a” email is laughably simple and routine to me. I genuinely get irritated at and instantly lose all respect for anyone who whines to me about how hard and inconvenient and frustrating writing just one measly email per day is for them. Especially when they somehow find the time, creativity, and energy doom scroll and shyt post on social media every day or diddle around writing their silly little “prompts.” I simply can’t relate to that mentality. And it’s one reason I actively try to dissuade people like that from buying anything from me. I don’t want to hear their “oh woe is me!” nonsense. Now, fast forward about 5 years later: I’m sitting at one of the Oceans 4 Masterminds I co-hosted with Andre Chaperon, Ryan Levesque, and Jack Born. And one of the clients at one of the Vegas ones was Mike Lovitch. And during one of the sessions he said his supplement business imposed MORE strict standards and more strict rules on their copywriters than the actual big brother laws required. He said that helped keep them off the radars and be less likely to get messed with by the alphabet agencies. Fast forward again a couple more years after that. I had written a sales letter for a nearly $1,000 book. And I decided to hire internet marketing attorney and Email Players subscriber Mike Young to review it for compliance. And after getting his review, I implemented everything which, like with Lovitch, meant holding my copy to a higher standard than big brother’s rules, only to find that it made all my copy more believable and more credible and more effective. There are many points I am making here. But mostly, I am writing this because I was reminded of these above three situations when I read how Mike Tyson used to train so hard as a professional boxer he considered the fight days themselves to be just “light” workouts. Some would say that’s because he knocked people out so fast. And they would be wrong. If anything, it’s the heavyweight champion of the world of writing & success "hacks." I hope you were able to discern it. It's also the backbone of what makes my Email Players newsletter work. More info on that here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA