# Persuasion secrets of the King of the Crossroads

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 03 Oct 2025 17:45:21 +0000
**ID:** 199ab2ea62bc32d7
---

Since it’s Halloween-month let's talk about the TV monster Villain: Crowley. Crowley being the King of Hell/King of the Crossroads (the #1 crossroads demon salesman who sells people their greatest desires in exchange for collecting their souls in 10 years) from the old hit TV show “Supernatural”. He is easily one of my all-time favorite TV Villains. And, there are many business lessons he teaches. For example: * Master salesmanship - Drawing upon the same persuasion methodology used by the late Bernard Baruch (called “The Most Persuasive Man Of The 20th Century according to the great Gary Bencivenga), Crowley finds out what people want, and shows them how to get it, and does it in such a way that he bypasses all reason, rationality, and, yes, even price resistance. (i.e. whatever they want in exchange for their souls) * Branding - Crowley drinks his alcoholic beverage of choice out of a glass with an umbrella and a devil’s pitchfork, and the number 666 and a devil emoticon pops up on the phones of people he calls. * Ambition - In the span of 300 years… from his mortal death to his soul burning in hell, to it being twisted into a demon, Crowley rose up through the ranks to be the top crossroads demon salesman (and king). Then, later, he seized the title of King of Hell as soon as the position opened. Considering there must be demons with hundreds, if not thousands, of years of more experience being a demon than him, that’s no small feat… * Diligence - You could say he’s also the King of Gary Halbert’s “Operation Moneysuck” - as he does only the tasks only he can do, while delegating the rest to his minions and, in some cases (without them knowing) his enemies. * Integrity - His love of loopholes notwithstanding, Crowley is also the King of Consumer Confidence, making sure his crossroads demons hold up their bargains with mortals, and violently torturing those who don’t. After all, if word got out that the crossroads demons were reneging on their deals, why would any humans even entertain the idea of doing business with them? * Loyalty - Crowley is loyal to a fault to his joint venture business partners (and even his treacherous witch mother who tries to use, manipulate, and kill him), even as their moronic incompetence and bad decisions put his own operations and machinations in peril. * Visionary - Crowley’s first act as King of Hell was to upgrade hell - including turning it from a torture chamber to an endless waiting line souls never get to the front of for eternity. Although that later gets tossed to the side, the fact he was thinking that far outside the box is impressive, to say the least. Crowley has many more valuable business attributes. But, that doesn’t mean he’s without his flaws. Like, for example, he sometimes shows very little patience. Especially for a king. And, frankly, that’s why it’s such a pity our USPS, UPS, and FedEx workers are such poosies they won’t make the trek downstairs to deliver a signed copy of my “Persuasion Secrets Of The World’s Most Charismatic & Influential Villains” book to him in hell, in his throne room. One of the big lessons inside is about Patience. How it’s more rare than gold and a million times more valuable. And why it's a trait that can do much to increase one's powers of persuasion. You, on the other hand, can read it, my little Minion. Not only is it inexpensive, but it can be read in one sitting, and has gotten rave reviews not only on Amazon, but also from brilliant thinkers like A-list copywriter Richard Armstrong and the Founding Father of internet marketing as we know it - Ken McCarthy, who both pretty much say the same thing: It’s the book they wish someone had handed them when they were yutes. Anyway, if this interests you, you can check out the book here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/villains Ben Settle P.S. The above link is to a US Amazon page. I'm not nearly as ambitious as Crowely. And so I am only posting that one link and not multiple links to multiple countries' Amazon pages. Way I figure it, any marketer worth his salt should have no problem figuring out how to find it on their respective country's Amazon site if they want to bad enough. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA