# 21st century cart doomsayer

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 20 May 2025 02:14:47 +0000
**ID:** 196eb7a6be87b94d
---

It’s official: As of today I am 100%, both feet, inside the 21st century. By that I mean, I’m now migrated over to our own internal cart at Learnistic/BerserkerMail (called “ContraCart”, which eventually will be for sale to the public), as my online cart account I’d been using since 2009 - 1shoppingcart - says they are officially shutting my account down today. It drove Pedro insane with tediousness migrating me over, too. The reason: The 1999 (literally) interface plus still using HTML that hasn't been supported since 2002! That's insanely caveman even by MY standards. I'm impressed they got away with it for so long while being as reliably stable as it was. I ran my entire business through it for 16 years, and can't think of a single significant issue in all that time. If anything, I used to find it amusing how people who pound their chests about using Thrivecart and other more modern carts would mock it even as theirs periodically went down. Meanwhile my Flintstones cart just kept chugging away. Added to that: I also migrated to a new web host simultaneously along with the new cart because I'm crazy. For the past 11+ years I’d been using a web host out of Europe. Never really had any problems, and they did not play the cancel culture game, which was good. But my web guy Email Players subscriber Keith Commins was getting increasingly irritated with them. Apparently they're the only host in their particular country with little or no competition. And so they've been getting arrogant, slacking in service, not doing even the bare minimum like updating SSL certificates, etc, and instead making us do it. He had me move to WPX and it's ridiculously faster than my old host. For example: My blog has 3000+ pages. And I always assumed that's why it slowed to a crawl when posting or editing content. But no - it was just the hosting. I've been using ancient, even archaic, cart and web hosting software for so long that now, with ContraCart and WPX, I kinda feel like 1940's Captain America waking up in modern society after eight decades of being on ice. Which brings me back to ContraCart: I would not be shocked if you see more carts going out of business. In fact, rght around the time mine announced they were going out of business, one of my business partners in Learnistic (John Wood) also had his go down, and they didn't even give him any warning. They just up and went out of business without a word to him. Anyway, switching carts is a gigantic pain in the arse. But I believe it's necessary if you're at-all worried about the one you are using playing games, if you start noticing their service getting shoddier, their interface more confusing, their tech breaking more and more. This is especially true if you bought "lifetime access" to a cart service. That cart ain't gonna upgrade, support, & fund itself. And in my way of thinking, you should want to pay monthly for a SaaS you depend on. Cheap really is the new expensive though. And so is laziness and procrastination, like in my own case: I could (and should) have done it a few years ago myself. It would have saved the team a lot of stress and work had I done it slowly, offer-by-offer, over that time, instead of being a lazy bum about it. My original plan was to do just that in 2026: start with my books, then, when they were all in there (along with the 1-click upsells, etc), move Email Players over - which was a lot harder to do since it’s a subscription and not a one-off sale. But what’s done is done. And this has forced us to speed up our ContraCart plans and so it all worked out. Everything is still in flux and being discussed as far as when we can offer it. But we’ve always built our software as more of a “walled garden” to keep the riff-raff goo-roos away, as well as not bog the development team down with figuring out ways to integrate all the sloppy, cheeseball software IM goo-roos love to brag about and shill at masterminds, even as they are constantly breaking and having problems, plagued with down times, etc. Much easier to just force people to use the good stuff (our software) or not use it at all. Not just for our own good, but our clients’ own good. In the meantime, if you want to take a free BerserkerMail test drive go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/berserker Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA