# How to create your own copywriting tactics

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 05 Sep 2025 01:45:19 +0000
**ID:** 199178e04fa93d91
---

One of the best copywriting lessons I ever done learned-ed-ed was ironically from someone who likely doesn’t even know what copywriting is. Here’s the story: Almost 11 years ago, I watched how Sifu while teaching kung fu did something that did not look like the system he's been teaching for some 50 years at all. In fact, it almost looked like the exact opposite of the system. And, when I asked him about it he said it wasn’t at all in the system, yet was still 100% in the system because… (And I quote) “When you master the principles, you can create your own tactics.” I have since noticed a small number of the best copywriters do the same thing. Take, for example, the late, great Jim Rutz. He not only was so phenomenally good at the craft he could charge $100k per promotion (and back when $100k was a lot more in today’s over inflated money…), but he had such a mastery of the principles of selling via ad copy, he could create his own copywriting “tactics.” For example, one of his control headlines was: “New Coup For Lou” There is nothing “direct response” about that. Certainly, it was not a format or template easily swiped. And, I daresay, you’ll never see it listed in one of the “100 greatest headlines” lists circulating around the internet. Yet it took an extremely high level mastery of being able to combine both the English language and what he knew of his market to pull that headline off and know it would work- all because he mastered the principles first, and could then create that tactic that really only worked for him and nobody else, as far as I know. Same with his famous “Read This Or Die” headline. Or his “Managua we’re going down!” headline. Or his “Limo Larry & Champagne Cherie” headline. Or his “Shut your left eye” headline. Or any number of the other doozies I’ve seen of his work. Something else to think about: I never met the guy, so cannot speak for him. But I seriously doubt he “swiped” any of his big winners. According to an interview I read of his from many years ago, his process was simple and summed up in four words: “Show me your control” He wanted ideas, yes, but not to copy & paste swipe or whatever. His ads were totally unique, stood out from everything else around them, and created the kind of engagement these dorks running around prompting their sales copy with fapGPT or copying other ads and goosing the words around enough where they can’t get nailed for copyright infringement can’t even fathom, and fool just enough people to eek out a meager profit cannot even begin to imagine. I have known a lot of those copywriters. And I would not give a bucket of someone else’s excrement for their futures. Especially as all the "content creators" are doing the exact same thing, pulling from the same puddle of continuously dumbed-down ideas, all sounding exactly like each other... while customers don’t just slap everything that interests them with a decent enough headline onto a credit card anymore. Those days are fast coming to an end. And already are in a lot of markets, in case that is not obvious yet. But, for those who like to swipe, not all is lost. There are ways of doing it wisely, ethically, and extremely profitably. Ways that take a lot of the uncertainty and frustration out of copywriting. Ways that, yes, I’ve used myself, and continue to, especially to newer markets. i.e., I recently used my own methodology to sell to the financial niche, for example. Enter my offer: “Swipeocalypse” This giant-sized Email Players issue (in both page count and literal size) exists outside the normal continuity of the newsletter. And it teaches a way of “swiping” that not only works better than raiding a filing cabinet full of sales letters, scanning a folder of PDFs, or, worse using some silly so-called “AI” tool... but helps you get deep into the minds of those you wish to sell to to help crawl right into their very souls and potentially know what they want to buy and how to sell it to them. Get it by the Sunday, 9/7 deadline and you will also get: “The Email Players Swipe File: Volume 1” This is an 88-page swipe file of sales letters and ad inserts that were included in Email Players over its first 100+ issues. These are mostly short, “impulse” ads selling high-priced offers that have collectively helped pull quite a bit of dough, and that can be used as frameworks (not copy & paste) for your own emails, sales letters, and offers. NOTE: Swipeocalypse is physically shipped to you. But this bonus will be digitally sent via email when you order. A lil’ something to “tide” you over while waiting for Swipeocalypse. Here’s the link for more information: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/swipe Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA