# Copywriting at a “cel-ular” level

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 18 May 2025 00:15:24 +0000
**ID:** 196e0bef622d2e87
---

Email Players subscriber Tim Cels explains how he experienced the firepower of a fully armed and operational sales letter written with the help of my Copy Slacker methodology: === Ben, this is way overdue but I wanted to say a big “Thank You!” to you my friend. I invested in your Copy Slacker book, and it’s absolutely lights out as expected. I’ve already used tons of the material (especially the “7 copy openers”) and it’s definitely helping me write better copy faster and even allowed me to squeeze some profits out of a dud offer & VSL for a client. Couple other things I love about the book: - You just made it so freaking actionable. Each section is explained so well I would have to be brain dead or illiterate not to be able to apply the ideas. - Each section of the book gives a simple framework I can operate from instead of always feeling like I’m “starting from scratch”. I’m finding the chapters on research, headlines, and copy openers particularly valuable because the principles allow me to just get started faster instead of doing everything by “feel”. Now I have solid starting points to put down and build off. - Your stuff, even the thickest of “teaching” books, is always enjoyable and entertaining to read. I think it’s the only non-fiction I can read for hours on end without my brain shutting off and turning into pudding. “Infotainment” at its best. - One of my favorite things (I’ve seen at least one email players issue where you did the same) is the line-by-line breakdowns of your winning sales letters. Explaining the strategy and thought process behind each line — what it’s doing, why you put it there, why you think it worked — has probably taught me more faster about writing good copy than anything else besides 1-on-1 copy coaching (which is a hell of a lot more expensive than investing in your book). I haven’t finished all the bonus appendices yet, but when I do I’ll be starting the entire book over from the beginning and reading it again. Copy Slacker is definitely one of the resources I now keep on hand for quick reference while working on projects. Feel free to use any of that also as you see fit. Thanks again man! === The fat discount off the listed price on the book goes bye-bye soon. Deadline is tomorrow (Sunday 5/18) at midnight EDT. Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/slacker Use code: ROPER at the checkout. Make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA