# Fat chick teaches copywriters about mind manipulation

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 16 Aug 2025 02:15:26 +0000
**ID:** 198b0aa0d8530e89
---

Exhibit 1: Many years ago, A-list copywriter Jim Punkre wrote a control magalog for a book sold by Boardroom. The ad was selling a health offer. And it had a disturbing pic of a fat chick front and center on the cover reaching for food. According to Email Players subscriber Brian Kurtz (who I heard tell the tale in Email Players subscriber Gary Bencivenga’s Farewell DVD course), almost all the in-house people hated it. Especially since the pic was rather “unnerving” (as he put it). But, he also said that probably worked in their favor, too. They tested at least two other covers against it. But the design of the fat chick reaching for food cover beat the closest one by 80%. Exhibit 2: Back when the first Rocky movie was made nobody really thought it’d do well. It also had a lot going against it from the budget where they couldn't even afford to buy new sweaters Rocky's trainers wore in the final fight (that were washed with colors, and thus had turned pink)... to Stallone being an unproven (and unbankable) star... to even having to sneak around while filming the city scenes in Philadelphia to avoid detection by the corrupt labor unions. There were also a lot of other problems plaguing production. And it’s a minor miracle it got made at all. But when all was said and done the movie was not only a smashing success, but is probably one of the - if not THE - most influential movies ever made on all kinds of levels. As Stallone put it: (paraphrased) “it’s proof art can change lives” For example: I am not the only one to have wondered how many pre-diabetic and other "cardiac events waiting to happen" types were inspired by that movie to get off the couch, seize control of their health, and stave off horrible obesity-caused evils like amputated limbs, strokes "trapping" them inside their own bodies not even able to blink (like what happened to the late Patrice O'Neal), orphaned kids, broken marriages, and the list goes on. How many people became athletes because of that movie? How many young people were inspired to go for goals they otherwise wouldn’t have? And so on, and so forth. Rocky has probably inspired more for real beneficial change in people around the globe than nearly any other movie ever made. If you watch the ending credits of Stallone's movie "Rocky Balboa" it gives you a small taste of just how much of an impact those movies have made on the world. Exhibit 3: A while back I saw a Valentines Day meme that said: “Fonts matter” And it showed two notes written in red font that said: “You’ll always be mine” The first was a note written in elegant cursive, very classy, with a heart on it. Obviously a love letter. The second? Written in blotchy, red finger-painted font, with a blood stain! Obviously written by the trembling hand of a deranged, buggy-eyed psychopath. Same message, two totally different effects on the brain, emotions, & psychology. Anyway, here’s the point of these exhibits: Art can instantly change attitudes. Frankly, I would argue it is a form of mind manipulation. Especially since if Earl Nightingale is to be believed, attitudes influence feelings, goals, and actions - including buying actions. And even the Wall Street Journal did a piece about how just looking at art can influence mental health for good or bad. Enter my book on sale until Sunday (8/17) at midnight EDT: “Markauteur” It is all about the visual & design-side of marketing & business. It’s also one the most expensive books I sell. The reason why is, it shows you how to help create a visual marketing universe in your business designed so that people love to enter, hate to leave, and in some cases possibly even buy from no matter how good or bad your other marketing skills are. Thus the sticker shock. But to take some of the sting out of the price, it’s on sale today. To get the full details on the book do this: 1. Read every single word at the URL below to make an informed purchase 2. Buy it before tonight, Sunday 8/17 at midnight EDT to get it at the discount. 3. Use code POMPOUS at the checkout (where it says "add referral code") (Make sure you see the price change before entering your info) Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/design Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA