# How to sell a $100 plain cotton tee shirt

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 18 Aug 2025 02:49:57 +0000
**ID:** 198bb156e50938fb
---

Once upon a time, I decided to have Email Players tee shirts made. But, not just any ol’ tee shirts. I wanted mine to stand out like a trumpet-like fart in a library from all the other marketers sending out free tee shirts as swag. At the time I’d been receiving tee shirts (circa 2018 especially) from people wanting to JV with me, from people trying to get me to be an affiliate, from people trying to get my attention, etc. It was a weird trend at the time. But it can sometimes be very profitable to tap into such trends. And instead of giving my Email Players tee shirts away for free or as swag or making it easy to get one of them like everyone else was doing… I decided to charge for mine. And I also decided to make it extremely expensive for a mere “tee shirt.” The way I saw it: I worked hard to build the Email Players brand. And I sure as hells was not going to cheapen it by making it easy to possess by just anyone. Shirts sent free or that are cheap or that are easily acquired are not treated with the same respect & dignity a high-priced tee shirt is treated with. Someone who pays a premium is far less likely to leave it at the bottom of a stinky hamper, get bleach stains on it, use it as a rag, misplace it in a pile of other shirts… or stick it on the back of a one night stand making the walk of shame, never to see it again. Thus what became the official: "$100 Email Players tee shirt." I only sold it to Email Players subscribers. And I only sold it for a very limited time. Thus, the few souls who possess this tee shirt now truly have a rare, and valuable piece of Novelty apparel, especially if I never get around to selling them again. The irony: I’ve been yapping on and on and on all weekend about my Markauteur book about how to use the visual & design-side of your business to crank out all kinds of cool looking & responsive online sales letters, opt-in pages, product covers, logos, ads, and other marketing design pieces that can have an almost spooky impact on your sales, influence, brand, & status. And yet: That tee shirt had no real discernible “design.” It was about as minimalist as you can get it. Yet, I sold nearly $1,000 worth of them in a two page insert that took maybe 4 minutes to write stuffed inside an Email Players issue I was already sending out anyway. The full story of how it played out and how you might do the same (no selling a newsletter necessary) is inside Markauteur. It also shows you one of the fastest, simplest, & easiest ways to make a commodity (like a tee shirt) a non-commodity people value at a premium. It’s also at least part of the secret behind why a Loui Vatton bag sells for over $6,000.00 while a bag with similar intricate or practical value at Walmart only goes for $27.00. More: This is one of many reasons why this book is priced so high. Just implementing this tip I am referring to in this email alone can potentially make the price you charge for some of your offers or services all but obsolete in my humble, and completely biased, opinion. Speaking of price: You only have a little time left to get the book at today’s special sales price. Oh, it’s still quite pricey. So don’t get too excited if you’re a miserly little cheapskate reading this. But, it’s a helluva lot less expensive now than it will be an hour or so from the time I am sending this email. Frankly, depending on when you received this email, it could already be too late. If not, and if you want the full details on the book, do this: 1. Read every single word at the URL below to make an informed purchase 2. Buy it before tonight, Sunday 8/17 at midnight EDT to get it at the discount. 3. Use code POMPOUS at the checkout (where it says "add referral code") (Make sure you see the price change before entering your info) Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/design Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA