# A dead white man’s cunning secret to titling your products

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 27 Jul 2025 12:45:12 +0000
**ID:** 1984beaa93756323
---

Behold this quote from the late, great ad man Leo Burnett: (Easily one of the greatest & most influential advertising minds who ever lived) “When you succeed in putting together words that make pictures and pictures that make words, and they both say the same thing, you are apt to have good advertising, providing that you have something worth saying in the first place.” Excellent advice for advertising... even more profitable for product titles. And I don’t care if it’s a title for a book, piece of software, course, program, podcast, novel, eBook, non-fiction book, email subject lines, sales letter headlines, articles, social media posts, or anything else - including creating a title for yourself. This tip is solid gold to anyone wise enough to apply it. It’s also exactly what I did to create what is quite possibly (by my guesstimation, at least) the single most profitable title I ever done crafted. Unfortunately, it was not crafted for one of my own offers, but someone else’s. In this case, a mere soft covered book. A book not even “for sale.” (It’s given as a gift to buyers of a flagship offer) A book that has helped generate - direct or indirectly - untold amounts of new (even if indirectly) business, sales, interesting, engagement... not to mention solidifying the personal & professional brand of the book’s author, too. And the title, as I explain in the August Email Players issue, is not merely a book “title.” It’s literally part of the cover’s design. The title conjures up a design AND an image per Leo’s advice above... and it is the lingering thread that leads to an ever-growing tapestry of the author’s entire approach to what he teaches, trains clients on, and sells. The title “says” far more than it seems. It’s also purely the author. You cannot separate the author from the title/design. They are one. Just like Fred Rogers’ and his puppet Daniel The Tiger were one, as described not only in his bio by Maxwell King but in the Tom Hanks movie where Fred’s fixer says, “Fred is Daniel, and Daniel is Fred.” Something else to think about with Leo Burnett’s advice: More than any time in history in my opinion, learning how to do this with your own titles is mandatory. Everyone is online and selling and sucking up names and titles using Google, online thesauruses, and, most recently, so-called AI. There are fewer and fewer combinations of words than there ever has been that haven’t been used. But once you “get” this, it won’t really matter. If you look at any of my titles, you will see Leo’s advice strung through them. And in the upcoming milestone 14-year anniversary Email Players issue, I analyze the book title above in detail, explaining the psychology behind it, and giving you a template you can use for your own product titles - or any of your offers - for the rest of your business days. But that ain’t all you get. I’m also including a 60+ page bonus with this 14-year anniversary issue: “Email Players Annual #4: After School Special” This oversized (literally - in both size and page count) Annual issue bonus exists outside the normal continuity of the newsletter. And I wrote it to commemorate the newsletter’s 14-year anniversary. And it’s written as a long letter “to” Willis in case I up and join the choir invisible before he comes of age to teach it it to him - with all the most important business, marketing, money/finance, health, and relationship info I want him to know. I spent more time on this than I have some of my full-length books. I won’t say this is the “best” writing I’ve ever done but it’s certainly the most important. You can read more about it in the PS below if you want. Otherwise - the deadline to get in on time is when I send the list to the printer soon. After that? Too late. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com NOTE: I do NOT ship to Indonesia, China, India, Ukraine, Russia, the Philippines, Thailand, Japan, or Africa. Current Email Players subscribers are “Grandfathered” in, of course. Ben Settle P.S. Here’s some of the info inside the bonus Email Players Annual #4: After School Special I am gifting to Email Players subscribers next month: * A shrewd marketing formula invented by a consultant who used to advise the government on how to create propaganda. * A slick negotiation technique that can help “flip the script” in the sociosexual marketplace so women chase you instead of you chasing them. * What to do to your light bulbs that can not only help you get better, deeper, and more restful sleep… but also wake up more energetic, alert, and ready to “do battle” in the morning. * An “under-the-radar” (they don’t exactly teach in business school) trick used by some of the greatest leaders, politicians, and businessmen in history to help get people to cheerfully want to throw new business, opportunities, and cash flow at you. * The #1 trick for falling asleep almost as soon as your head hits the pillow - yes, even if you toss, turn, and stare at the ceiling wide awake each night now! * Money advice inspired by an eccentric golf guru I’ve used for nearly two decades to stay out of debt, buy ownership in multiple businesses with cash, and enjoy a lot more financial peace of mind in today’s volatile economy. * A cash flow technique pioneered by the late businessman Earl Nightingale that can potentially help you escape nearly any kind of financial emergency - especially when you’re desperate, terrified, and the “wolves” at your door demanding to be paid NOW. * A secret way to use an ordinary smart phone to help optimize your blood sugar, circulation, calorie burn, ability to fight off being sick, and have healthier joints, bones, mood, stress levels, and more. * The sleepy, under-known precious metal (NOT gold, silver, copper, platinum, or any of the “usual suspects” you see talked about) that’s by far the most valuable asset you can have in a SHTF (shit-hits-the-fan) economic or even Mad Max-style societal collapse. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA