# Old timey day mail-order trick for pre-testing headlines for free

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 29 Aug 2025 01:44:36 +0000
**ID:** 198f381541f457f4
---

Here's another obscure lesson on how to write ad headlines. Specifically from one of the best headline guys in the game Ken McCarthy. i.e., the copywriting genius nobody knows. And specifically, when he was analyzing one of my highest converting headlines from a direct mail piece I wrote last year. Hit it, Ken: === Could you sell this offer just with this headline? In the real world no, but if you ran just this headline and said “write or call for more information” you would get plenty of response and, for all the reasons given above, it would be of a much better quality that “rich businessman hyperinflation in Brazil sunglasses” dude. If they don’t read the headline, the game is over, but AS IMPORTANT, if you don’t frame the door correctly (after all that’s what a headline is “a door”) you’re going to have all kinds of refuse blowing in. === Re: the Brazil comment - the ad the above headline competed against had a totally different headline, and appeal, along with a story about profiting from a trading secret that worked in hyper inflationary Brazil but works even better in America today. Anyway, his advice above is a great way to help pre-test your headlines. Ironically: If I had to bet, I would say most reading that find the advice plain vanilla. Not sexy enough in today's clickbait headline world that people only see. Certainly not nearly as exciting or, dare I say, pleasurable, as one of these guys stroking his flaccid fapGPT prompts and rubbing it for wishes, testing nothing but one turd against another turd. I can’t help those types. But Ken’s advice is something many a multi-million dollar mail-order copywriter has done over the years before spending a single penny on testing anything, to give themselves “house odds” out in the most overheated & brutally competitive market places. It’s advice that worked then, and works even better today. Like, for example, on Facebook or Google. Just look at your headline. Could you run it with a CTA and get lots of response? No? Well, that’s not necessarily a deal killer, either. There is nuance to copywriting. And in the September Email Players issue, for example, I show you ALL of Ken’s entire analysis - easily the single best training on headlines I’ve ever seen, - plus examples of ads that would FAIL that test, yet still did extremely well. It’s almost like there is no “system” for writing ads or headlines. Lots of frameworks, lots of templates, and even lots of formulas. But when you know and understand what is inside the September Email Players issue about the headline, specifically, I daresay you can use it with nearly any template, formula, or system for writing ads or emails or VSL’s, or even articles and book titles and social media posts, whatever it is you do. One thing all great ads also have, though, is a deadline. And I’m afraid it’s no different with the September Email Players issue. To subscribe to the paid newsletter in time to get your hot, greasy little fingers on the September issue, you must do so before I send the list to the printer. After I do that, you’re out, and you’ll miss out, and may be more likely to strike out when trying to write headlines that dig right into the souls of those who read them, so they potentially almost can’t help but read, respond, and, yes... buy. See the P.S. below for what else is inside. Otherwise? Here’s the mighty link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s what awaits you inside the September Email Players issue: * Sneaky psychological tactics I used to write the headline for one of the single most profitable sales letters ever run in the history of the self defense niche. * A headline secret used by the billionaire newspaper tycoon William Randolph Hearst (that John Caples also secretly used, too) that can help you exponentially amp up your ad or email readership, response, and, if you have a good offer... sales. * An ingenious way (used by certain, very savvy public speakers to seize a large room full of peoples’ attention) to write headlines for getting people to “lean in” to read your sales pitches. * An old timey day copywriter’s trick for pre-testing your headline’s power without showing it to anyone, without getting any critiques, and without guessing, wondering, or agonizing over it. * A surprisingly profitable headline technique from the movie “Citizen Kane” that can help even a rank amateur write headlines that stand out from anything else their prospect is being distracted by. * The headline trick of a kooky old newspaper space ad genius (who once got jailed for his writing!) for making your ads stand out head & shoulders from practically anything else on the internet, the inbox, social media, or anywhere else. * An example of how to write “bad ass” headlines - where prospects literally might think, “what a bad ass!” and have a hard time not reading the rest of your copy just to see what it’s about. (This won’t lend itself to every ad you write, and your milage may vary - but every time I do it never seems to fail.) * The strange (but 100% proven) secret for getting a higher response to your ads... by deliberately NOT going through the product or using the service you’re selling. (I doubt even a single copywriting “guru” will approve of this - but I have done it many times, including in a recent direct mail test that got exceptionally hight response.) * Two “stealth” emotions (most copywriters don’t even realize ARE emotions... they’ve been so brainwashed by horse shyt) to wrench on in your headlines, subject lines, and content titles to help nab higher response & sales. * The best (and totally free) place I’ve ever used to get genuinely useful copywriting critiques. * A red flag that can help you almost instantly know if a chest-pounding copywriting goo-roo you want to learn or buy from is just talking out of his arse. * A word-for-word email one of my all-time favorite copywriters (who has gotten “fan mail” from guys like Dan Kennedy and Gary Bencivenga, if that tells you something) sent me about how to knock out headlines that can double, triple, maybe even quadruple your response. (I DEFY anyone - newbie or seasoned pro - to read what he said and not write far more profitable headlines the very first time you use it.) * Psychological “triggers” that can help make it almost neurologically impossible to ignore your headlines - even when competing against 1,000+ other click-bait headlines fighting for your prospect’s attention. . * The shrewd “anti-NLP” headline secret (used by both David Ogilvy and Gary Halbert) for helping you get near instant focus from prospects reading your ads or emails. * How Mel Martin (the “King of Fascinations” whose alter many of the best A-list direct mail copywriters who ever lived have worshipped at) penned some of the most insanely profitable headlines in copywriting history - and often without using promises, claims, benefits, or any silly “click-bait”-like appeals. * NON-legal advice (let the record show, Your Honor) for health offer copywriters who want to write headlines that work like gangbusters while also helping keep your ads off Big Brother’s radar. * A clever way to use Facebook to help you see if a headline idea has any “legs” without spending any money or running any ads on there. * One of simplest and most effective “pattern interrupts” you can use in advertising headlines right now. (Not just sales letter headlines, but email subject lines, article titles, book titles, and more.) * How to shut the yap of the Doubting Thomas in every prospect’s brain - who’s whispering in his ear, trying to determine if he should read the rest of your ad or not. * What I learned about writing headlines after a short (and private - not recorded) conversation with one of the greatest A-list copywriters who ever lived. * The “feral” headline secret that can help make plain vanilla offers sound more exciting and exotic. * A neat little trick you can use in your headlines that is nearly guaranteed to get more attention & possibly response - even from prospect’s who would otherwise ignore you! (This “thing” can also work wonders in other parts of your ads and emails, too - especially in subject lines, stories, offers, CTA’s, and bullets.) * Three words used in a LOT of sales copy and emails these days (I even have to catch and stop myself from using them at times) that are like “fed bait.” (I had to pay several thousand dollars in fees to an attorney to learn this bit I share inside.) Go ye here to subscribe to the paid Email Players newsletter before the deadline: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA