# How to sell cold leads who're so skeptical they call the cops on you!

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 20 Sep 2025 02:45:25 +0000
**ID:** 19965031fa3d7b00
---

Once upon a time I wrote an email with the subject line: “Worshipping the open rate fairy and calling it science” The email was basically about focusing on what you can control, not what you can’t. To which Email Players subscriber & former door-to-door sales man Jameel Paul responded: === elBenbo you’re 100% right, focusing on what you “can control” was literally beaten into me from my direct-selling days. 8 years I spent in that industry. Eight hours a day going door-to-door, or approaching people in the street cold, selling whatever service I had at the time. All on 100% commission. An in a day you’d have so many variables: * working outside in poor weather conditions, literally hail, rain, sleet n snow, (and having to smile at customers when you have frozen feet, fingers and you’re suit’s drenched through) * people not answering the door to you * the police being called out to stop and question you because you look “suspicious” - when you’re just trying to earn a living like the next man * would-be customers failing a credit check (for the few people who were interested) * or other would-be customers who were just leaving as you were approaching, or just getting home as you were leaving But we got drilled like military to “focus on 3 things” 1. Improve your sales Pitch 2. Increase your Pace (speak to more people) 3. Improve your Attitude All within our control. And the sales would take care of themselves. (With the right actions, done long enough) But after 8 years of selling like this, I left with no list and nothing to export. - That’s why I like what you teach so much. Anyway, this just a long way just to say I agree wid ya, wise ol’ elBenbo === Something I want to say about this: I don’t know if Jameel used it or not in his sales adventures, but one of the persuasion techniques in my book “NOfluence” is something that can potentially work like gangbusters even on the kind of leads so skeptical they call the cops on you. If anything, the technique can sometimes even thrive under such situations, in my experience. During this week's sale (until tonight Friday, 9/19 at midnight EDT) you can have it at a $120.00 discount (so for $480.00 instead of $600.00) off the listed price at the link below. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/nofluence Use code AZRIEL at the checkout (where it says “add referral code” under the price) for the discount. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA