# How to write fast and stuff

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 06 Aug 2025 13:45:22 +0000
**ID:** 1987fa1277b51418
---

Yours Scribbler once got asked: “Do you now what I'd pay for? A crash course on getting faster my email writing efforts. It often takes me up to an hour to get an email done: editing and sending included. Sometimes more.” My command is your wish: I once read an interview with the recently #METOO’d Neil Gaiman who was for a time probably one of the world’s most prolific writers (comicbooks, novels, short stories, screenplays, etc) - although the plagiarism I’ve since seen him accused of makes me question a lot of that now, admittedly. But that does not take away a powerful lesson he once taught about writing. He said his high school guidance counselor asked him what he wanted to be when he grew up. Neil told him he wanted to write American comicbooks. When he realized school was all but useless for this, he decided to start working in publishing to get experience writing. So he got on the phone, and by the end of the day sold two newspaper articles he hadn’t yet written. Then, he said: (Paraphrased) “It’s good for any would-be writer to write a couple hundred thousands words under tight deadlines” Too bad he plagiarized a lot of that. Definitely blunts the lesson, but so be it, the basic idea still stands. More: At the end of 2010 (the week between Christmas and New Years) I made a goal to be copywriting client-free by the end of 2011. I wanted to be my own client, and keep all the healthy-gotten gains my ads and emails bring in, and not waste my life slaving over others' businesses for mere scraps of what my work brings in. The first thing I tried was creating a small info publishing business based heavily on SEO that required me writing over 1,000 ezine articles, 400 or so unique blog posts, and about 100 email auto-responder messages - all of it unique. Plus, I was writing all the emails and copy on retainer for a biz-opp company, I was also writing my own daily emails, writing & publishing my old monthly Crypto Marketing Newsletter, and some other projects here and there. For a month and a half I barely slept. I wrote morning, noon, and night. And, while that business flopped (Google decided to slap article directories right when sales were starting to come in, like it and other platforms are starting to do more and more to a lot of so-called AI content now, incidentally), on a scale of 1-10 my writing speed went to 35. Thus, the free secret to fast writing: Writing lots of words under intense deadline pressure. In my experience: The more you train your brain in this manner, the more neurological connections it makes, the more ideas it pumps out, and the more it combines ideas/words/concepts/entire new worlds automatically, and in ways that are far more “human” - flaws, emotions, and all - than generative AI can ever hope to. It ain’t magic but it works like a charm. Just like everything I teach in my "Breakneck Content" book, not-so-coincidentally also in my experience. Speaking of which: When you follow my commands inside the book, I believe your writing - and other content-creation endeavors, video, audio, whatever you need to do in your business with content - automatically can get much faster. So fast, you might even look back at your writing and content-creation now and wonder how you ever did it so slow, while still having far higher quality than so-called AI sharts out/steals/burgles. Here’s the deal: The deadline to get this book at a 20% discount is Friday 8/8 at midnight EDT. To hop on this deal do this: 1. Buy it before the deadline tomorrow at the link below 2. Use code FAST at the checkout (where it says "add referral code") 3. Make sure you see the price change before entering your credit card info Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/breakneck Ben Settle P.S. This book is very small, very short, and very expensive. If you judge information by weight & volume then it’ll be a gigantic waste of money for you. It’s simple, “meat & potatoes” info I’ve used to pump out enormous amounts of content quickly over the last couple decades. However, it requires both thinking & ambition to use. And if you need hand-holding, coddling, or so-called AI then you should probably pass on buying it. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA