# hike up the skirt, strap on the balls, and actually talk to your market

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 31 Aug 2025 01:15:26 +0000
**ID:** 198fdb18a359cdc0
---

In this past June’s Email Players issue I showed the winning test piece from a direct mail promo we did for Low Stress Trading. And it was very telling as far as how far copywriting has sunk. I do not mean this as insult. I made my own share of copywriting mistakes in that campaign on the landing page, not the postcards, which did 5x and 3x respectfully the industry average for response. So this is not me “picking” on anyone specifically. And, in fact, many of the people who guessed’s reasons for why one piece won vs the other (most picked the losing piece) had some extremely good insights. Including many insights I had never thought of. But, one recurring theme many of them bungled was the headline. The winning headline has the words “Nuclear Engineer” in it. And the biggest reason people gave for thinking it was not the winner? “Nobody cares about the nuclear engineer when it comes to trading!” But the reality is... that was in fact the money shot proof element. Take that away, and the headline is just another claim amongst a sea of other claims. Nuke Engineer is pregnant with proof, credibility, status, intelligence, and intrigue. I am not the only one to have noticed that. Ken McCarthy told me when I first introduced him to my business partner Troy (former Navy Nuclear Engineer who invented the trading framework we use), and they started talking, and even he said to Troy: "Stop. That Nuclear Navy Engineer thing is your hook. WAY more impressive that being a software genius." Thus: Why I use it for our software offers too, for this very reason. The problem with people today when it comes to copywriting, and it’s probably always been this way the more I look at things, is they think far too much like copywriters and not nearly enough like the markets they are selling to. And thus, they sit there and mentally masturbate to so-called AI. “I use it to brainstorm!” Useful, but probably self-sabotaging in a lot of cases. The best thing to brainstorm with probably ain’t a super calculator... it’s directly with your market. Even if it can give you some useful info (and it can, admittedly), unless fapGPT or whatever you’re using has experienced the problems and emotions your customer has, it ain’t gonna hit the market nearly as hard as it will if you hike up the skirt, strap on the balls, and actually talking to your market. And I say this as someone who hates talking to people. But talk to people I did - especially in markets I didn’t understand. Like, for example, female weight loss, golf, college funding, and most recently trading. The best headlines don’t come from spurious intelligence or a swipe file, they come directly from your market. And certainly from some “word smith” or “prompt engineer” - but from the actual breathing, hurting, suffering, desperate, scared human beings you talk to. As far as the Nuclear Engineer angle: I hope nobody reading this is foolish enough to think: “I gotta use Nuke Engineer in my headlines that’s what wOrKs lol!!!” Then again, the age of man is over, and the age of the TikTok brain orc has come. It ain’t the words or the credential. It goes much deeper than that. And in the September Email Players issue there is an extremely fascinating email - sent to me word-for-word - from Ken McCarthy who is one of the single best copywriting teachers I have ever done business with. A guy who literally has gotten “fan mail” about his sales copy from guys like Dan Kennedy and Gary Bencivenga, if that tells you something. And, while it was meant as private correspondence, he gave me permission to reprint it. There is much, much more going on in the headline I described. He picked up on all the stuff I was thinking of, and even a lot I did NOT think of. To think “I just have to put a bad ass credential in my headlines lol” totally misses it. This bit I reprint inside is, no exaggeration, the single BEST training on headlines I have ever seen. Better than any headline breakdowns, theories, or analysis from any book, course, program, or anywhere else I’ve personally studied. And it ain’t just me. I immediately forwarded this info to the guys working on our Low Stress Trading cold Facebook ads, and they were floored by it as well. This is deep, backroom conversation-level (where all the best stuff is ever shared) you cannot get anywhere else, for any price. Except in the September Email Players issue. You can read more about what’s inside in the P.S. below. Otherwise? To subscribe before tomorrow’s deadline go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s but a peek at what’s inside should you subscribe by tomorrow’s deadline: * Sneaky psychological tactics I used to write the headline for one of the single most profitable sales letters ever run in the history of the self defense niche. * A headline secret used by the billionaire newspaper tycoon William Randolph Hearst (that John Caples also secretly used, too) that can help you exponentially amp up your ad or email readership, response, and, if you have a good offer... sales. * An ingenious way (used by certain, very savvy public speakers to seize a large room full of peoples’ attention) to write headlines for getting people to “lean in” to read your sales pitches. * An old timey day copywriter’s trick for pre-testing your headline’s power without showing it to anyone, without getting any critiques, and without guessing, wondering, or agonizing over it. * A surprisingly profitable headline technique from the movie “Citizen Kane” that can help even a rank amateur write headlines that stand out from anything else their prospect is being distracted by. * The headline trick of a kooky old newspaper space ad genius (who once got jailed for his writing!) for making your ads stand out head & shoulders from practically anything else on the internet, the inbox, social media, or anywhere else. * An example of how to write “bad ass” headlines - where prospects literally might think, “what a bad ass!” and have a hard time not reading the rest of your copy just to see what it’s about. (This won’t lend itself to every ad you write, and your milage may vary - but every time I do it never seems to fail.) * The strange (but 100% proven) secret for getting a higher response to your ads... by deliberately NOT going through the product or using the service you’re selling. (I doubt even a single copywriting “guru” will approve of this - but I have done it many times, including in a recent direct mail test that got exceptionally hight response.) * Two “stealth” emotions (most copywriters don’t even realize ARE emotions... they’ve been so brainwashed by horse shyt) to wrench on in your headlines, subject lines, and content titles to help nab higher response & sales. * The best (and totally free) place I’ve ever used to get genuinely useful copywriting critiques. * A red flag that can help you almost instantly know if a chest-pounding copywriting goo-roo you want to learn or buy from is just talking out of his arse. * A word-for-word email one of my all-time favorite copywriters (who has gotten “fan mail” from guys like Dan Kennedy and Gary Bencivenga, if that tells you something) sent me about how to knock out headlines that can double, triple, maybe even quadruple your response. (I DEFY anyone - newbie or seasoned pro - to read what he said and not write far more profitable headlines the very first time you use it.) * Psychological “triggers” that can help make it almost neurologically impossible to ignore your headlines - even when competing against 1,000+ other click-bait headlines fighting for your prospect’s attention. . * The shrewd “anti-NLP” headline secret (used by both David Ogilvy and Gary Halbert) for helping you get near instant focus from prospects reading your ads or emails. * How Mel Martin (the “King of Fascinations” whose alter many of the best A-list direct mail copywriters who ever lived have worshipped at) penned some of the most insanely profitable headlines in copywriting history - and often without using promises, claims, benefits, or any silly “click-bait”-like appeals. * NON-legal advice (let the record show, Your Honor) for health offer copywriters who want to write headlines that work like gangbusters while also helping keep your ads off Big Brother’s radar. * A clever way to use Facebook to help you see if a headline idea has any “legs” without spending any money or running any ads on there. * One of simplest and most effective “pattern interrupts” you can use in advertising headlines right now. (Not just sales letter headlines, but email subject lines, article titles, book titles, and more.) * How to shut the yap of the Doubting Thomas in every prospect’s brain - who’s whispering in his ear, trying to determine if he should read the rest of your ad or not. * What I learned about writing headlines after a short (and private - not recorded) conversation with one of the greatest A-list copywriters who ever lived. * The “feral” headline secret that can help make plain vanilla offers sound more exciting and exotic. * A neat little trick you can use in your headlines that is nearly guaranteed to get more attention & possibly response - even from prospect’s who would otherwise ignore you! (This “thing” can also work wonders in other parts of your ads and emails, too - especially in subject lines, stories, offers, CTA’s, and bullets.) * Three words used in a LOT of sales copy and emails these days (I even have to catch and stop myself from using them at times) that are like “fed bait.” (I had to pay several thousand dollars in fees to an attorney to learn this bit I share inside.) Here’s the link to subscribe to the paid Email Players newsletter before the deadline: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA