# The writing nazi

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 10 Dec 2025 16:50:23 +0000
**ID:** 19b092bd0c7522f0
---

What is it with these guys: == Seriously Ben, help me out here [need your expertise and experience] I am the type of writer who wants to write but always writes in my head what can you advice me to do to be able to write everyday, I admit I am lazy on that part but a part of me is willing to show up and do the damn work (I won't say that I am fully willing because my actions does not show it) What did you do to be able to write consistently without stopping. I need that too == Here's an idea: Take out the tampon and just write. Open text doc and type one word at a time, one sentence at a time, one paragraph at a time, one page at a time, one money making email/ad/social media post/article/book/eBook/course/blog post/article/newsletter issue/fiction story, whatever it is... at a time. If you’re doing audio or video content, same thing: Start recording one word, one idea, and one, module, episode at a time. That’s the whole “secret.” As the best winemaker in my state once told me, “the secret is there ARE no secrets.” Just sac up and do the work. People will waste all kinds of their finite creative, mental, emotional, and physical energy doing everything and anything BUT the work. Reminds me of a video gym bros were mocking on Twitter showing a bunch of middle aged women strapped to a bungie cord, running & floating to and fro, gliding through the air across the room - “weeee!” The most popular comment was: “looks fun!” Yes, it probably is fun. But it won't do jack vs doing the work of strength training and being in a caloric deficit. Writing and content creation can be and is often fun if you know what you’re doing. But if it always needs to be fun, and never a challenge, that ain’t sustainable. Sometimes creating content is so much fun I get lost in it, and hours go by, and dozens of pages, or hours of recording happen without even looking at the clock. Other times, it’s a slog, and a grind, and a maddening struggle trying to figure out what to say, how to say it, or the right format to say it in. But the best stuff, the most profitable stuff, most often comes from that slog. Took me years of writing to figure that part out. Including years of failing, and long stetches of grinding and battling self doubt, thinking everything I wrote was crap, and in one case even on the brink of just quitting altogether about twenty years ago this very month. It was only a brief consideration though. The next day I got up and... kept writing. In that case, I created some content (writing). And I put it out there like I had thousands of times before. And you know what happened? That piece of content I wrote got on the radar of someone in the business who I did a deal with. And that ONE deal was the biggest (financially) I’d done to that point, and was a "tentacle" that latched onto many more deals ever since and to this very day. All as a result of just doing the work and figuring things out. There are ways to speed things up though I wish I'd known from the start. These ways won’t totally eradicate the pain, frustration, grind, slog, and wrestling with self-doubt about if your content is fit to print, watch, listen to. That only comes from market research, experience, and having an “ebb and flow” with your audience, gained over months, years, and decades. Enter today’s the 12-hour Seasons Emailings sale on my book: “Breakneck Content” It reveals dozens of content-creation secrets used to “out-content” my competition, peers, colleagues, trolls, haters, etc - and without sacrificing all my energy and time to the content devil, and in ways that can potentially make it all much faster and way less painful than it is for all the millions of content creators who writhe around in agony when creating content. You can have it for 20% off the listed price. But, ONLY if you buy it by tonight (Wednesday 12/10) at midnight EST. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/breakneck Use code FAST at the checkout (where it says “add referral code”) for the discount, and make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA