# The secret of the horror host

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 20 Jul 2025 11:45:10 +0000
**ID:** 19827a704f0daa1b
---

Let me tell you a story. When I was but a wee lad visiting my dad every other weekend, we’d spend those Saturdays watching low-budget B horror movies. And, during the breaks, a guy dressed up like a ghoul called “Svengoolie” would do some kind of goofy skit or bit that’d help lighten up the dank subject matter of the horror movie playing, and even became “part” of the entertainment itself… often cranking up the ratings (and, thus, profits for the TV station) far beyond what they’d normally be. Such is the sales & marketing power of a talented “horror host.” And before you ask, a horror host is just what it sounds like: A horror show presenter or host in the tradition of the ancient theatre presenter, but who assumes a campy or humorous horror-themed persona like ol’ Svengoolie or Vampira or (my favorite) the Crypt Keeper. These horror hosts were often newscasters trying to make some extra dough on the side. But an awful lot of them were just talented boys or ghouls who knew how to take something that isn’t otherwise appealing and make people want to consume it. Case in point: There is an excellent documentary called “American Scary” about some of the most influential horror hosts who ever lived. One of the many different horror hosts & TV historians they quote is a guy named Bob Burns. And in my opinion, he summed it up best: “If [the horror host is] really very good you’d rather see them. The movie is secondary.” Yes. Criminals agree with that, too. How do I know? Because crime would go down during shows each week with popular horror hosts. You also probably agree, too, whether you realize it or not. Because if you’ve ever watched, for example, a show like Tales From The Crypt, and found yourself looking more forward to that wrinkled little nutsack Crypt Keeper’s jokes and commentary than to the show itself then you, my friend, have experienced this phenomenon first hand. Which brings your daily email “horror host” Bengoolie to the point. Actually, I have two points. 1. These days even our entertainment needs entertainment to get it consumed! 2. To put some deeper thought into just what your “role” is as a marketer, freelancer, or business professional of any kind with something to say. I’d argue you will be most effective if you play the part not just of email marketer, but as the “horror host” of your offers. And I would further argue the more complex, deep, serious, “professional”, and heavy the content you are selling, the more important this is to do. Enter my “Infotainment Jackpot” book on sale until tonight. It’s all about combining promotion/content with entertainment to make far more sales, become a far more influential brand, and, yes, have far more fun building your business while, simultaneously, making your offers & content far more fun to buy & consume. The sale ends today, Sunday 7/20 at midnight EDT. Until then, my hearty Horde can have it for over $100.00 off the regular price. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/jackpot Use coupon code: BENGOOLIE Make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA