# best free email deliverability guide I ever done read

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 24 Jun 2025 14:44:39 +0000
**ID:** 197a266118d1af46
---

“Are everyone's unsubscribe rates skyrocketing now that Gmail has this 1-click unsubscribe button BEFORE opening?” These email chicken littles sure are a neurotic bunch. People really worry about this sort of thing. And the reason they do is because they are focused on the wrong things and majoring in the minors. Really, there is no other explanation. We saw this exact same panic when Apple did a similar shtick a few years back. It had people running around on their head in circles like Larry in the 3 Stooges, looking for hacks and tricks to game the tech instead of just giving it what it wants. The hacks & tricks bois never get this. But there is a totally free resource I recommend for this. No opt-in necessary, either. And what, pray tell, is this resource you can download free online? The Can-Spam Act The US government has made it freely available for over 20 years. Simply download, read it, and apply it. Not only will you almost certainly get better email inbox deliverability, but if you're selling offers people want to buy you’ll almost certainly get more sales, too. Look, I hate the government as much as anyone. But if it's got something that can help my business, I’ll use it. I’m biased of course. But I dare say if you combine what's in the Can-Spam law with what I teach in Email Players, I suspect you will find your business gets ever more sales, more engagement, and more customers/clients than you ever thought possible from such a simple document. Anyway, that’s the tip for the day. If you want to learn my Email Players methodology go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA