# Why I don’t believe a single word copywriters shilling AI say

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 23 Apr 2025 14:45:07 +0000
**ID:** 196631c2a20d9ffe
---

Drop any “name” you want advocating for it. I don’t care and I said what I said. Literally every example I’ve seen of it "writing" anything is laughable at best, or outright spurious at worst — with mostly only other copywriters fapping to it. And any of those who might even turn out to be saying something credible, will be worth listening to if and when the dust settles and the Mad Dash (there is nothing new about this phenomenon) is finally over — something that is already starting to wind down a bit, from what I can see. For example: A couple years ago, copywriters were saying I'd be left behind because of my skepticism of fapGPT. Now? Not a single one of those guys is talking about it anymore. Imagine that. I’m not saying these copywriters are bad people, many are my friends in fact. But as a whole they tend to be gullible and prone to chasing bright shiny objects that make even Money Twitter twitch nervously in their seat. It’s one of the many reasons I stopped participating in any meaningful way in the copywriting community about 8 or 9 years ago. Especially when I started seeing them use pronouns to virtue signal & pander, natter on about safe spaces, expect everyone to walk on egg shells around their feelings, engaging in conflict avoidance, seeing them melt down about the dumbest shyt, try to get people canceled, and the list goes on. Whatever the case: I will just leave you with an email I received when talking about this subject, why I’m so skeptical of it, why I just blanket assume anyone talking about AI at all with copywriting is totally full of it unless or until proven otherwise: === Thank you!!! I had the same exact feelings in fact i signed up for ____ AI, what a piece of 💩 . He goes around peddling it like it’s going to make you millions and I was too embarrassed to even use the copy it generated and I’m no copywriter. I keep arguing with FB marketers that AI is not human how could it replace us it has no emotion and I felt like a lone voice You’ve restored my hope in humanity!!! === I hear ya. And I hope to further restore many others’ hope in humanity with the May Email Players issue which is all about (NON-AI) ways to approach copywriting. The entire issue is about how we used direct mail to drive opt-ins to our Low Stress Trading website last year. This was not a client job. I fronted the money for the test to 15,000 cold names myself. And so I had no time or luxury or desire to diddle around with theory, ego, or trying to get some goo-roo’s approval. In fact, literally nobody (not even one of the world’s greatest direct mail strategists who helped us or, to be fair, even me, in some ways) thought the winning piece would win. Especially since it supposedly broke a lot of rules. I say “supposedly” because it did not break any rules. It just didn’t follow any nonsensical copywriting checklists majoring in the minors. Just doing that these days looks like breaking rules. That is, in my opinion, another flaw of having AI write any of your copy: It mostly just majors in the minors from what I see of it. Dumb, “cosmetic”, Warrior Forum-checklist style, phoned in, no humanity. And every piece of AI-generated copy I’ve seen so far proves that. Whatever the case: If you want to subscribe to Email Players in time for the May issue go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA