# Advice to Willis for finding a woman that’ll love him more than his dog does

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 15 Sep 2025 23:45:16 +0000
**ID:** 1994fc60e86db603
---

Guy named "David" on the Study Finds website said: === Purely hypothetical, but try to answer honestly. You’ve had a really rough day, In fact, a really rough week. For reasons known but to God, and a moment of temporary insanity, you decide to lock both your wife and your dog in the trunk of your car. You go for a beer, you calm down, and come to your senses. You immediately run to your car, and open the trunk. Both your spouse and dog jump out to greet you. Which one is happy to see you. === Perfect. It also got me to thinking about Willis when I first read it. I will want him to find a woman that loves him more than his dog will. Not an easy feat in today’s “never settle!” (“Settle”?) atmosphere. And I believe that unless the culture takes a radical turn out of its Clown World rot & civilization-unsustainable ways it's going by the time he comes of age, he will very likely have to deal with a legal & family court system that’s even more hostile to him than it would be now. Not to mention a “believe all women no matter what they say! (unless it's Juanita or Gennifer...)” culture. Where he could be canceled, slandered, or imprisoned based on false accusations… a corrupt cop or judge… or even outright lies dreamed up by the kind of corrupt DAs now openly allowing criminals to do almost whatever they want, while punishing lawful men & women for so much as defending themselves or others being attacked, robbed, raped, or worse. Frankly, in some places they'll punish you just for posting a meme. That means Willis truly has to be wiser than the serpent. Especially when it comes to women he dates and/or marries. Yes, Stefania and I could waste time explaining all the statistics to him. We could also bore the hell out of him by explaining the corruption in the family court system, its unjust biases, and how he can have access to his home and children removed in some cases with a single phone call and a false accusation in the heat of an argument. Or, maybe worse, how he could even be on the hook to pay to raise another man's children after being deceived into thinking the child was his own. We can also lecture him on making sure he screenshots everything. Insist he always has receipts. And to curate women he dates - and especially whichever one he marries. Yes, we could spend lots of energy “convincing” him of these things. We could tactically use every persuasion tactic we know to do so. Or… I can (and I will) do what I teach in my book “NOfluence” instead. Plus: Even though the advice I give about this in the book that I will do for Willis when he comes of age is not “about” selling a product or service, the principle behind the advice can potentially be applied to selling, marketing, and all-other types of persuasion & influence. If you have kids I believe the principle behind the info can help them in all kinds of ways. And if you want to grow your business, I believe it can help with that, too, of course. Certainly it has across my three companies. All right enough build up. During this week's sale until Friday, 9/19 at midnight EDT you can have NOfluence at a fat $120 discount. (So $480.00 instead of $600.00). Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/nofluence Use code AZRIEL at the checkout (where it says “add referral code” under the price) for the discount. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA