# How to do ballsy guarantees without getting skinned alive

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 31 May 2025 16:44:57 +0000
**ID:** 197273bb9f3ef8b4
---

I’ve come “under fire” many times over the years due to my not offering guarantees. I once read an entire thread somewhere with a bunch of dorks lamenting how unethical it is of me, how there is no way they’d trust me enough to buy because of it, how it speaks to the kind of evil guy I am (something like that, I don't know, maybe they have a point...), etc. All from a bunch of wannabes who’d already decided to refund before buying. I haven’t offered a guarantee on any of my offers in about 15 years. And things have hummed by just fine. Still: I am not “against” them whole cloth. Take, for example, the direct mail campaign we did for Low Stress Trading. Selling to ice cold leads, in a volatile market rife with scammers and liars and deceivers, at a time where people in that market are clutching their money tighter than they have in years... we did test a guarantee. But, it wasn’t your typical: “Buy it, if you don’t like it, we’ll refund you” offer. Nor was it a weasel-clause thing like you see big financial newsletters pull: “If you don’t like it, we’ll put your purchase price towards any one of our other offers” That anyone falls for that is astounding. So I wanted to come up with an offer that (1) nobody had hopefully seen before or at least I had never seen it before... (2) appeals to the most jaded and even “broken” skeptic (the segment of the market we target)... (3) makes it very, very hard to resist at least hearing us out for legitimately interested leads. I’m talking about something that’d make Troy & I nervous. Something that’d be too ballsy for any of our competitors to do. The idea: Let’s not guarantee the product... let’s guarantee the sales pitch. In this case: We guaranteed just listening to Troy give a presentation on Low Stress Trading must be worth their time, must show them something they legitimately had not seen before... or we’d pay them $100.00 cash as penalty for wasting their precious time. They didn’t even have to buy anything. And we were potentially on the hook for a lot of money. Well, guess what? We did not get even one single taker out of some 15,000 people mailed. The reasons for this are many. For example: What Troy teaches legitimately is different, and gives those who watch his presentations something to think hard about, and changes the way people look at investing & trading in ways that ‘sticks’ in the head - which is why a lot of our clients buy weeks and months later and not on impulse. They have to let it germinate in their heads, compare it to the horse shyt being taught in the trading niches, and then realize we’re the real thing. So there’s that. And it makes for a much longer sales cycle (90 days or more in many cases), we have noticed. But besides that: I wrote the postcards in a way, and especially the CTA, and structured the info in such a way where the loser-minded types sitting around in a moo-moo looking for biz opp who would want to scam us with our guarantee would (1) probably not even make it that far in the copy to see it and (2) be repelled by it if they did see... with the legitimate leads feeling far more comfortable and possibly even eager to check us out. It worked so well that, in hindsight, I’d have upped it to $500 instead of $100. There’s lots of psychology to guarantees so you don’t get skinned alive by refunds. And it goes beyond “word smithing.” You can read my approach and see the copy in the June Email Players issue. Specifically, on page 21. Tonight’s the deadline to subscribe in time. So best hurry if you want in: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Some more of what’s inside includes: * An ingenious writing secret (found in popular old detective novels) that can help make your blatant selling ads feel like content. * A sneaky way to “pre-test” an ad to help know if it’s going to win or bomb before spending any time or money running it. * How deliberately including a “pinch” (just a pinch!) of outright psychopathy can help create, build, and grow a business in the diet niche. (NOTE: discernment and being able to read between the lines is required if you’re going to use this bit of knowledge I learned from an old Gary Halbert diet promotion campaign.) * What the great A-list copywriter Doug D’Anna recently taught me (on a live call) about what is perhaps the #1 body copy secret for turning ice cold leads into red hot sales. * A clever way to use a prospect’s own mailbox to help drive up response and sales if you use direct mail. * Probably the #1 most profitable copywriting technique I have ever learned that helped even my early “mid” level sales copy pull like crazy - including when competing against far better copywriters. (This technique haunts nearly every ad and email I write - including in THIS email you’re reading as I use it “on you.” Details on page 16 inside.) * A little-known trick (I learned directly from one of the best publicity experts who ever lived) for writing tighter, stronger, and more responsive sales copy. * A word-for-word email I sent a business partner explaining exactly how to grow a strong and ever-growing customer/client base. (Including during times like now where most businesses are hemorrhaging sales & customers left & right with no end insight!) * A real life case study in how writing a “Hail Mary pass” ad (that clients will hate and you’ll probably have trouble even getting tested) can blast your response far higher than playing it safe. * A stupid, amateur, and all-too-common landing page mistake that can kill your direct mail campaign response. (Yes, I, your ever-humble daily narrator made this idiotic blunder in a recent direct mail test to drive opt-ins to a web page... and even though we still did exceptionally well, we could have gotten probably 5-10x MORE response had I not had my head up my arse about this.) * A secret way (copy chiefs will almost certainly despise - so don’t expect anyone to cheer you on if you do it) for copywriters to use LOSING ads and sales letters in their swipe files to write winners that break sales & response records. * A ridiculously responsive headline template invented by the late, brilliant copywriter Gene Schwartz that I have yet to see fail. (It can also work as a template for writing your sales pitch openers, too, if you struggle with those.) * How to “soften” big, crazy claims & benefits (assuming they are true) so they are far more believable and far less likely to set off someone’s “bull shit” detector. * How to write sales copy in a way where the reader is more likely to think “this guy can’t be lying” as he reads it. (Doesn’t guarantee he will buy or respond, but it should at least get you a fair reading and chance to sell him if you do it right.) * How to use the ancient “law of the jungle” in your ads & emails to potentially want to buy what you’re selling even if they originally had no interest in what you’re writing about. * A secret used by history’s greatest military generals (Napoleon and Alexander the Great especially especially advocated this) for winning war campaigns you can also use to win more copywriting, email, and other marketing campaigns. (Gene Schwartz advocated doing this in copywriting as well, and so have many other A-list copywriters I’ve studied. With all of them retiring it’s almost like a lost art now.) * The “butt clench” test to know if you are pushing hard enough with your guarantees. * Advice I got straight from the world’s greatest direct mail strategist that can help you sell to ice cold leads who have no idea who you are with no real reason to listen to a word you say. * The Phil Donahue daytime talk show secret to profiting from boring “I like the color of the product packaging” type testimonials that don’t really say anything useful. (This won’t work for all testimonials, but if you can use it with even ONE of them, you will likely see a dramatic rise in response.) * A reverse psychology copywriting technique that can potentially help get even the most jaded & skeptical leads, prospects, and customers to chase you instead of you chasing them. * An admitted twisted secret I recently used for getting far higher response to a direct mail campaign (I suspect it might also work online, probably, although I admittedly have yet to test it. Anyway, do what you want with this info, I am merely showing you what I did to get 5x the average direct mail response.) * How creating a “double readership path” in your sales copy can potentially destroy your sales and response. (This flies in the face of a lot of copywriting books - but like all rules it can and, sometimes should, be broken. See page 20.) * A secret taught by the late, great Jim Rutz (one of the top 3 copywriters, easy, of his day) about how to write to leads in the finance space that can help get both higher response and better customers. * Why so many old school direct mail guys are online and don’t really do much cold direct mail themselves anymore. * A nuanced look at what I believe is the perfect copywriting “tone” for selling to super jaded and skeptical markets where people are (literally, this is what goes through their head) looking at every sentence you write and thinking, “this is bull shit” and looking for reasons to delete, click away, or (if direct mail) toss you out. * Speaking of guarantees: How to cover your arse from getting overrun with fraudulent refunders who love to buy and frivolously refund. * A real life example of how to use “social engineering” on the sneak in your calls to action for higher response and better quality customers. Go ye here for more about the newsletter by tomorrow’s deadline: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA