# initiating you into the mysteries of creating that first digital offer

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 25 Nov 2025 12:45:33 +0000
**ID:** 19abb0e101fcff51
---

Came a question about creating one's first digital offer: === I’ve been running a paid newsletter in the finance niche for the past 5 months. Since I started applying the strategies you share inside Email Players, I’ve grown to hundreds of paying subscribers — something I honestly didn’t think was possible this fast. But there’s still one area I struggle with (and maybe I’m overcomplicating it): I have no idea where to begin when it comes to creating my first digital product. How would you approach creating your first product when you’re still early in the world-building process? And how do you know if it’s something your current “inhabitants” will care about, versus just something you want to build? === First things last: Do not fret one iota about “World-Building” at all yet. Instead, think about and focus only on what will best Serve your customers. The World-Building will come on its own, no need to force it, and happens over time. And there is a big difference between having the typical goo-roo mercenary approach thinking “what do I sell?” vs starting with “how do I best Serve these guys?” Get the latter right and answers should be obvious. Then it’s just a matter of making sure you create an offer with existing demand. As far as that mysterious piece of the puzzle goes, see the December Email Players issue. I walk my Email Players of the Horde through exactly what I do myself to do my own offer creation, and in a way that may startle some folk in the digital wild with how simple of a process it is. I won’t say easy, because it’s not always easy, although it might be. But I do prefer simple. And so that is what I teach inside. I teach a lot of different topics inside, in fact. And you can read about them in the PS. Or, to subscribe now, go to: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Some more of what you’ll read in the December issue: * Unusual tips for creating your first digital product when you’re not sure what to sell, not sure if anyone will want what you sell, or not sure if your ideas are even likely to sell. * The trick to positioning your brand as a trusted authority worthy of listening to & buying from right from the get-go. * A quickie, “idiot’s guide” to creating a marketing funnel if you’re not sure what to do, where to begin, or who to listen to. * How one-man-band businesses can stand out even as the “AI email avalanche” continues to create more and more noise and inbox clutter. * The ingenious Gene Schwartz trick (based on neurophysiology research of his day) for turning stray brain farts into world class headlines, subject lines, story lines, bullets/fascinations, even entire offers. * What email copywriters who insist on using generative so-called AI should know about Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail and other inbox services. * The shrewd creativity trick I’ve been using for over 20 years to generate nearly unlimited profitable ideas for emails, sales copy, books, newsletters, and marketing campaigns across multiple businesses. * A surprisingly effective headline-writing technique (used by writers of the New York Post and other popular rags) you can watch in a popular Bugs Bunny cartoon on YouTube. * Advice to struggling copywriters that can help you almost immediately extract more joy (and profit) from your work. * An insanely profitable (but definitely NOT easy to pull off) secret found in Robert Greene’s “33 Strategies of War” for potentially making more sales in a few months than you probably would in 10+ years otherwise. (I’ve done this 3 times. And while I can say it worked to almost spooky degree, it can also literally take years off your life if you’re easily stressed, rattled by uncertainty, or burned out.) * A strange - but true - way to “leap frog” over the time, frustration, & uncertainty phase of creating high-priced offers that can potentially sell like hotcakes to your list. * A bizarre method (taught by the late A-list actor Steve McQueen towards the end of his life) for having almost supernatural levels productivity. * How to become so “emotionally one” with your prospects that you can know almost exactly what they want to buy with potentially near-pinpoint precision. (And without having to twist around with endless pre-testing, surveys, or even asking them.) * The “mask of influence” secret (perfect for hardcore introverts) used by Johnny Carson to help him become one of the richest & most celebrated brands of his day. * Some raw and unfiltered thoughts about how to build equity in a solo business. (Including how I approach doing it in my own company.) * What you absolutely must do first (assuming you don’t want to lose a ton of customers, at least) to safely convert a digital membership model into a print newsletter model like mine. * What to do if your email copywriting game is tight but your promos keep flopping left and right. * A “switch” you can flip in your brain that can help protect yourself from withering burnout. * What I’m teaching my own flesh-and-blood son about how to have as consistently high physical, mental, and creative energy levels as possible. * One thing almost all people who tend to live longer do that almost all people who tend to die early don’t. To subscribe hit the jump here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA