# The secret to selling multiple subscription offers

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 29 Sep 2025 15:44:42 +0000
**ID:** 1999627252066275
---

I want to tell you a story about selling lots of subscription offers. Nowadays, and with good reason, people are churning out of subscriptions like it's a sport - from Disney Plus & cable plans to food delivery, ride sharing, music streaming, fitness classes, digital storage. It’s even worse from what I hear with a lot of online membership sites especially. Especially those using "training wheels" solutions catering to amateurs like Schlubstack, etc. With people dropping out far faster than they're being added. The proverbial bucket with a gaping hole in it. Meanwhile: Our Low Stress Trading company not only routinely gains as many as 5, 6, even 7 and more new members on any given day (at $1,000 a pop - soon to be $2,000 - with a $100/month subscription kicking in after 30 days), plus many times that during affiliate campaigns... but we have, last I counted, at least three additional subscription offers going simultaneously stacked on top of the main one - with many customers happily in all of them. In one case (the highest priced one) we even have to limit membership in one of the subscriptions. How is this possible? There are many reasons. For one thing, we “sell money at a discount” - where the offers can basically pay for themselves in spades. So admittedly there is that. And let’s face it: one would have to be a bit confused about how 3rd grade math works to drop out of something demonstrably & consistently making them more cash flow than what it costs. Either that, or they are insanely cheap to the point of self-sabotage or else got some kind of weird hang up about being successful (i.e., fear of success). Either way, you can’t save a damsel who loves her distress, so it is what it is. Another reason: The offers flat out work, which obviously helps, with reputations that precede themselves. Equally as important, imo: The Sociological-marketing Format we use makes the process of “stacking” subscriptions on top of each other a lot smoother & more practical both for us as the sellers and the clients as the buyers. There is a method to the madness of which offers are sold and when. And it’s not necessarily obvious, either. Even better: There are no big 50-page sales letters for these subscription offers outside the main one. Nor are there any online marketing goo-roo product launch hootenanny rituals doing rain dances to the AI deities or whatever they do to. If anything, these subscription offers are mostly sold off-the-cuff, barely even mentioned most of the time, yet even when mentioned in passing in a mere Telegram message it’s not uncommon for people to check them out and subscribe. Anyway, it’s way too much to describe in an email. Especially a free one like this. And even if I did, it wouldn’t be valued anyway. Nobody values what's free. Thus, to get the inside scoop on how we are using Sociological Marketing to help grow this company (something like 400% in the last 12-months alone, maybe even more, I lost count)... including how we “stack” subscriptions like this, see the October Email Players issue before tomorrow’s deadline, while there is still just a little bit of of time left to do so. You can read all about what’s inside in the P.S. Or, to subscribe, hit the jump here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s a look at what’s waiting for you inside the October Email Players issue: * How using porn-o disgraced two of the most brilliant direct marketers who ever walked the face of the Earth. (You can still learn a lot from these two - even if it’s a what-NOT-to-do situation.) * A sneaky storytelling secret used by a soap opera that’s been running non-stop for 62 YEARS... that can make it hard for customers to resist engaging with & buying your offers. * A real life example for how to “stack” 2, 3, 4, even 5 or more subscription/continuity offers without suffering from withering churn or burning customers out. * The “Jenny Factor” secret used by Walt Disney that can dramatically cut down on churn and dramatic sales dips - even during bad economies. * How to (100% legally & ethically) use a method perfected by an abusive, cult-like 1970’s self-help group to get so many more affiliates sales it will probably legitimately freak you out! (It freaked us out a bit, at least, when we started implementing it...) * What to if you’re kind of an off-putting jerk & arsehole but want to build good will and strong customer relationships. * A powerful sales conversion secret David Ogilvy discovered in the 1940’s (when working in the movie business) that can work even better for online businesses today. * An ingenious lead gen trick used by the world’s largest TV ministry (beamed into some 20-30 million households per day for the last 40 years) to rake in more revenue than they know what to do with... and without without begging (if anything they literally mock beggars), fundraisers, passing plates, or emotionally blackmailing people. * The startling discovery behind the most profitable marketing “funnel” that has probably ever been invented. * Why our Chief software developer Pedro (a true savant whose used his coding skills to build a platform for brain cancer research at a major university, if that tells you something...) refuses to code with so-called AI. (If anything, our business that has done over 400% growth in the last year, is hiring MORE developers even as everyone else is foolishly firing their teams to “save money.”) * A shrewd secret for growing a better and more responsive email list used by Old Testament farmers to grow better and more abundant crops. * The controversial “F-bomb” secret behind the enormous success of some of the most successful brands in history. (Including from beloved children TV hosts/authors like Mister Rogers and Dr. Seuss... to the most reviled church on the planet, polarizing filmmakers, late night talk show hosts and more. If they are/were big, chances are they did this F-bomb trick hardly any online businesses do.) * Advice to frustrated freelance copywriters who see clients doing dumb shyt all the time that only makes your job harder and response lower. * Ten people to study and model for World-Building to create a business people love to enter and hate to leave. (In my experience you will learn far more about growing a business observing these 10 people - many who aren’t/weren’t even “businesses” - than you will from some goo-roo prancing around a seminar stage or mastermind room.) * Insider secrets for potentially making more sales & more profits by NOT using 1-click upsells. * Why obsessing over direct marketing jargon like LTV, CPL, CPA, CPC, CTR, CAC... is a recipe for frustration, churn, & failure. (And what my businesses do that can create far more joy, peace of mind, and, yes, consistent cash flow.) * The “tyranny of metrics” phenomenon that can cause otherwise brilliant brands to make colossally stupid decisions, piss off all their customers, and even outright collapse almost overnight! * Why “selling the click” in emails (like spammers all do) is amateur hour at best... and what works far better to make sales, grow relationships, and create life time customers. * Why you should be ultra-skeptical of any SaaS offer that is NOT a subscription model. (Screw it. I might as well just give this one away here: People bitch & moan about subscriptions... but all them new development features, updates, and bug fixes ain’t gonna pay for themselves. Avoid cheapskates if you sell software, and everyone will be happier - including people who DON’T buy because it’s an “oh noes!” subscription.) * How to potentially create a customer base so rabid and “in heat” to support your business that cheerfully and aggressively refers almost everyone they know to you. * Why the vast majority of “name” goo-roos you see are not that great of marketers... just great at building audiences. (No need to take my word for it, simply observe them - especially the ones shilling so-called AI suddenly. It’s not like they hide this fact. More on this inside.) * How to make a bundle of new sales by deliberately NOT spending a lot of time on launch strategy, sales copy, emails, or campaigns. * A totally “counterintuitive” way one of my businesses uses to recruit the best affiliates in our network (Including one who recently put in over 500+ new members into our $1,000 up front, $100/month offer recently, with a couple more seriously interested who could very well dwarf that. You do the math...) * How to help figure out what business you are “really” in to create long term wealth far beyond what you ever could dream of now. Something to know before reading further: This inner game approach I teach inside has been used by everyone from Trump and Walt Disney to companies like Subway and Starbucks. We’ve been using it, for example, in our software business to be on track to make more cash flow/sales over the next 5 years than from the offers we sell in the company. If you do nothing but read, understand, and apply this, it can pay for literally 100 YEARS of your Email Players subscription. No joke, and no exaggeration. This is the #1 most profitable thing I have ever learned (from Dan Kennedy). And I am passing it on to those who read the October Email Players issue. To subscribe in time before tomorrow’s deadline here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA