# How to put dumb clients in their place

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 30 Oct 2025 11:45:11 +0000
**ID:** 19a34efb378c0514
---

A question about making dayem sure your clients know you're the man not to be spurned: == One of the biggest sales killers is losing authority, and nothing destroys your authority faster than justifying your business decisions to clients —doing so puts them in the position of validating your choices and leaves you in the position of the one who needs to be validated. But sometimes you have to make choices that upset people, and they’ll want to know why you did it—like making a tech change that worsens their experience. This gets even trickier when you consider that, for a lot of clients, the daily email is like a TV series where you’re the main character, and in any series, the viewers want to understand why things happen and why characters make certain choices, or there’s the risk they’ll lose interest in the story (you). So, the question: How do you give clients the answers they need (so they don’t lose their interest) without undermining your authority by sounding like you’re making excuses or justifiying your decisions? === The short answer: Leap frog over all this nonsense by being your own client. I don’t know why anyone with talent, skill, and ambition wants to waste their lives working for clients at this point. At least, not without also being their own client on the side, working their own projects into their client “rotation. And with goal for not needing clients at all, and having client work be completely optional or something you never have to do again if you don't wish to. Having that positioning makes what some dumb client says or thinks irrrelevant to your future. If they are dumb, jettison them or pull a General MacArthur by listening to their dumb comments, dumb advice, dumb feedback, or dumb "notes", then ignoring everything they said, not arguing with them at all, and merely telling them you're doing to do what you did or they can find a new copywriter while you go find a smarter client. It’s just not the same game it was 20, 10, even 5 years ago. Even guys I know who love doing client work admit this. That said: I do give a much longer, and more practical answer than just flippantly (like I am doing here) saying, “be your own client” up inside the November Email Players issue. Some need client work, and I don’t begrudge them that. Including, telling exactly how one can put dumb clients who don’t know they don’t know, and impose dumb rules and can only parrot what some dumb clown they saw prancing around some dumb mastermind room say, that works in theory or for the dumb guy teaching it, and not for anyone else. I have lost count of how many copywriters tell me about such instances. It was a trope even when I was doing client work. I am grateful most of my clients were smart leaders, not dumb followers parroting goo-roos. If you’ve been following my ways for a while, and wondered why I am not constantly chasing every new secret, tactic, technique, technology (i.e., so-called AI), method, tip, theory, goo-roo brain fart... it’s precisely BECAUSE I took notes from the smart clients who made the most money vs the struggling clients who were always one failed launch away from closing their doors. And one similarity between the successful ones? Not chasing “whats working now” (supposedly) and just focusing on what works. Anyway, I believe the info I teach in the November issue can potentially give service providers (not just freelance copywriters) of most any kind a lot of peace of mind. And, also, probably help them command higher fees as well as more respect, and make it more likely they don’t have to constantly fight with and/or “convince” clients to do what works. Something you can expect a rising number of clients to resist. Especially with the FOMO-induced idiotic so-called AI corporate Narrative. There’s quite a reckoning coming with all this. You can either be hurt by it, or prosper from it. If you want the latter, see the November issue. More about what’s inside in the P.S below. Otherwise? To hop on the Email Players train before tomorrow’s deadline hit the jump: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s what you can learn inside the November Email Players issue: * Exactly what I’d do to rapidly build & grow an email list today if starting from scratch. * A totally manipulative social dominance technique used by an infamous WW2 Supreme Commander to get what you want from people without having to say a single word. (Use on your clients, and watch what happens!) * What to offer your list if you want to monetize it but don’t yet have anything to sell or plug. * The dark, twisted, even outright demonic reason (Gary Halbert unearthed back in the 70’s or 80’s but hardly anyone knows about today) why so many people are fat. * Advice for protecting your IP from being used to “train” so-called AI with. * A clever way to use the mute button on a phone, zoom, or other call to generate insanely profitable headlines, subject lines, stories, bullets, and themes for your ads & emails. * A surprisingly fun & effective way to profit from bum marketers copying your emails. * 9 ways to make totally commoditized content & topics sound sexy, exciting, and even new. * How to “outwit” software that flags actual human content as “AI” content. * An old school accountant trick for pre-writing your emails 2, 3, 4, even 6 months out. * How to turn being dirt broke into a powerful asset and advantage in your business. * The Gene Schwartz prophecies: his eerie warning for copywriters using and/or relying upon so-called AI he predicted decades ago - before even the internet itself! * How to “summon” like a genie from a jug all the energy & excitement you need to sell in markets that bore you to death. (Example: I used this trick “on” myself in the female weight loss niche that I hated selling to... and converted over 40% of the opt-in list to buyers. That wasn’t a function of “copywriting” as much as using this technique inside.) * A neat little trick for knowing if you’ve really done have enough research or not for your copywriting projects. * Ways to potentially “side step” rotten economies, disruptive technology (like so-called AI), and even weird left turns in laws/rules/regulations and seize marketshare while everyone else is panicking. * An instant tip off to know if a goo-roo or so-called influencer you’re tempted to spend money with is full of crap or not. * A powerful technique (discovered by one of the wealthiest self-improvement authors who ever lived) for banishing indecision when you’re not getting the results you want, and don’t know who to trust or where to turn. * What the late, great Gary Halbert warned about with using so-called AI to write sales copy way back in 1995! * How to be the “Netflix” of your list/audience/market - where YOU be their self-medication... (not some podcast or TikTok channel)... where YOU be their entertainment (not TV or movies)... And where YOU be the one they “tune” into each day (not news sites or social media). * How to get far less resistance from clients constantly questioning everything you do or always fighting you on even so much as testing your ideas. * An ingenious little “cheat sheet” (I’ve used for years) for keeping yourself committed, focused, & disciplined when you have a thousand things/people/forces beyond your control always trying to distract you. * A simple strategy (I learned from the great A-list copywriter Bob Bly years ago) for quickly “sizing up” clients to determine if they’ll be a nightmare or a joy to work with. * My “if you’re gonna be stupid, you might as well be smart about it” advice to marketers who insist on selling so-called AI tools & offers. To subscribe before tomorrow’s deadline to get this in time, go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA