# What Google’s super duper advanced AI can do

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 07 May 2025 02:14:59 +0000
**ID:** 196a887b7f6d759d
---

A few weeks ago I wrote an email with the subject line: “Have you seen how stupid the average person is?” In which I quoted one of the single most brilliant technologists I have ever met: our Senior Architect at BerserkerMail & Learnistic Pedro who has, for example, built software to help with brain cancer research at a major university in his country, if that tells you something. Anyway, he sees the world and systems a tad bit differently than us mere mortals, to say the least. And he said this about so-called “AI”: “AI is trained and normalized in aggregated human knowledge, the most pure average… And have you seen how stupid the average person is?” The fact all these dorks running around saying NGMI without using AI to write is amusing, to say the least. Not gonna make it where, Anon? To the bottom of the Idiocracy barrel? Whatever the case, Pedro showed me a tweet after that of a Google demo showing "the new AI capabilities of Google Sheets", and the first thing AI does is offer the customer a 15% off coupon. Ooh ... secksy. Google's engineers really outdid themselves with that. AI fanbois were actually impressed with it as usual. But I suppose they are impressed with anything they are told to be impressed by from their overlords and peers - terrified of being "left behind" like some kind of digital biblical rapture. Anyway, I’m not saying there is no use for so-called AI. But it’s not technically “intelligence” so even the term "AI" is a lie. And I was recently having a back-and-forth about this with Email Players subscriber and children’s book author James Carran about this. Specifically, the blatant grifting with AI being probably the most equal parts amusing and desperate I've ever seen in nearly 25 years up in this business. I don't know, Hoss. From what I am seeing, when it comes to this technology so far, instead of merchants selling shovels to gold miners, they’re selling pooper-scoopers to shit miners. Even people I've respected for decades are falling for all the narrative. Some sound especially desperate to capitalize on it. I’m not saying there are no uses for this technology. There are obvious uses for it. I have to say that for the TikTok brains I hear from who think I am blanket condemning the technology (I use it myself, just not for writing, and not for telling me what to think) whenever I talk about it. But all I'm doing is showing how it has far more limitations than the AI bois shilling it & ever-more dependent on it want to admit. We are in the mad dash phase still, and writers thinking it will do their thinking are truly behind that righteous 8 ball, and only falling further behind by the day. I see it in their replies - these dorks literally have to consult AI to tell them what opinions to have. On Twitter it's especially amusing when they type: "Hey Grok, is this true?" to everything now. Zero independent thought or analysis, or understanding that AI is often wrong and/or you can just keep asking it questions and get it to pretty much agree with a lot of false conclusions. Something more and more people are openly admitting by the day, I have noticed. But back to James... He put it perfectly for writers when he said: “If you don't write, if you just prompt a bot to spit out stuff, how do you think? I rarely know what I want to say until I've finished writing it. Every single time I sit down and type, I get up with a clearer idea than when I started.” A lot of writers think it’ll help them get around doing the hard stuff: The thinking. All of which comes from the act of writing, and, yes, sometimes struggling with the blank page. I would argue the real gold comes from that, and skipping it is a huge self-inflicted wound to your problem-solving abilities. Your hands have a connection to the creative side of your brain. This has been, from what I’ve seen at least, documented many times in neuroscience. And Gerry Spence (in his book “How To Argue And Win Every Time”) goes into a lot more detail about it than I will here, but it is well worth the read. Gary Halbert’s bit on hand writing ads ain’t just a bit. And neither is Jim Camp’s bit on neurological connections made BY actively doing that which you are trying to learn, improve at, master as craft — whether it’s negotiation or writing or anything else. Anyway, do what you want with this. I can already see the shills going into overdrive drafting their silly replies, missing the point, thinking in absolutes, and inability to grasp even the most obvious nuance. I collect them at this point, like wild injuns collecting the scalps of their enemies. I’ve heard from a bunch of them last week especially. And too bad for them just “contenting harder” ain’t gonna make their content any better. And will, in fact, only speed up the pace at which their market and lists realizes they're mid at best, "prompting" the people on those lists to gravitate towards those who show they actually care about them by putting in the time and work to do it right. That’s my prediction. And you know what? Unless I see otherwise (and I ain't holding my breath) I’m sticking to it… More: I think of the Mad Men guys with this. I can just imagine some goo-roo fanboy trying to get something cobbled together and then “smoothed out” with fapGPT by Leo Burnett’s savage critique committee or David Ogilvy’s strict "martinet" standards, which were also known to give copywriters nightmares, from what I hear tell. I suspect Burnett not only would have hated fapGPT but despised it, imo. Frankly, I think he and Ogilvy would have fired anyone they caught using it on the spot. In Burnett's case he didn’t even like basic swiping. And Gene Schwartz (who not an agency guy, was a contemporary to them) was especially harsh on swiping which he said resulted in “filing cabinet mediocrity.” He said those ads would never produce the best work because swiping other ads/content created "echo ads" that could work in some circumstances. But overall they did not work nearly as well because, by their nature, they did not address the unique product/timing/market relationship that had never existed before, and never would again, but only at the exact time the copywriter was writing and selling. Want to out-sell so-called “AI” and the dweebs shilling it as something it ain't and, I argue, can never be? Listen to the old school Mad Men era copywriters. I've seen a lot of younger guys (who use AI) parrot the phrase “built different” on social. Usually it makes them sound like stepford wives when they say it, like all overused social media jargon does. But in this case, those Mad Men guys really were different. They had far more ability to take criticism without getting butt hurt, knew hard work was what won the day ultimately, and that shortcuts when writing and selling with humanity & passion — starting with the first draft and its blank page til it ran — was something schlubs who didn’t last long engaged in. It wasn’t supposed to be “easy.” Which brings me to the pitch: My “Mad Men Copywriting Secrets” offer. I originally gifted it to Email Players subscribers last year (to celebrate the newsletter’s 150th issue). And it’s an oversized (in physical size and word count) issue that exists outside the continuity of the main issues — and contains some of my favorite of those old Mad Men methods. It’s also something I’m making available for sale to the masses, along with an extremely valuable bonus (see the PS below) until this Friday, 5/9 at midnight EDT. Anyway, you can learn more about it here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/madmen Ben Settle NOTE: Unless "grandfathered" in as a current Email Players subscriber we do NOT ship to the following countries: Andorra, China, India, Indonesia, Japan, Mexico, Nigeria, Thailand, Russia, Philippines, or the Ukraine. P.S. As for the bonus, it’s called: "The Swipestream Vol 1” A few of the tips inside include: * Why plain text (or what looks like plain text) emails often work better even for offers where people think they need to slather their emails with lots of graphics and slick fonts. * How to make your emails look so personal people will probably reply back to you thinking you wrote just to them and not your list. (You can do away with amateur hour email goo-roo tricks like putting “Re:” or “fwd:” in the subject line or “sent from iPhone” and do this instead.) * An old kung fu trick for getting unlimited ideas (for offers, copy, emails, content, nearly anything you sell) that beats fapGPT, Grok, or any other AI all to hell. * The rather creepy reason why parents (no matter how attention starved, narcissistic, or clout-obsessed they are) should avoid putting their kids’ pics online, and especially on social media. (Nothing really to do with selling or marketing — and probably nobody who happily butchers their kids’ privacy, dignity, and safety for likes & props by putting them online will care about this, but you never know…) * A shrewd old school negotiation secret (most will admittedly never have the balls to do) for making all your advertising far more credible and believable — as well as far more likely to get higher quality customers, clients, and new business. * Advice to businesses starting from scratch in a niche where you are completely unknown. And that’s just a small sip. You can read more of what’s inside at the link. Also, very important: You’ll need a smart phone or iPad to access this bonus. So keep that in mind before buying this offer if you want this bonus. Here’s the link again: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/madmen This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA