# Copywriting secrets of a brilliant sloganeer

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 07 May 2025 12:49:46 +0000
**ID:** 196aacd40be268bd
---

My opinion, which just happens to also be a fact: One of the single best copywriting courses ever devised by the mind of mortal man is Email Players subscriber Gary Bencivenga’s “Farewell” seminar he did 20 years ago. It’s about direct mail, mostly. But it’s all adaptable to online ads, emails, and internet based marketing campaigns. It’s proprietary info so I can’t give any specifics away here. But, I will say this: One of the “unsung hero” parts of the course is, in my opinion, when he talks about his dad who, while not a trained copywriter, was responsible for many advertising slogans people still remember to this day. I think it is safe to say advertising literally runs through Gary’s veins. For example: Gary’s dad would enter various advertising-related contests (where companies would give stuff away to for whoever sent in the best feedback, ideas — this was well before sweepstakes) to win cash and other prizes. This was during some brutal economic times. So that not only came in handy for his family, but sounds like it drove his creativity and craft into overdrive. Gary’s dad was not an adman, much less a Mad Man, far as I know. But he was brilliant at writing catchy slogans and jingles. How brilliant? Well, put it this way: He entered so many of them, and won so many prizes… he started getting BANNED from participating in many of them. So to get around that he submitted entries under other peoples’ names in his family, friends, etc. Anyway, I have more to say about this. And how those jingles & slogans can help your sales copy today that I use myself when applicable. Specifically I talk about this in my newest offer that ends Friday - just two short day from now: “Mad Men Copywriting Secrets” I originally gifted it to Email Players subscribers last year (to celebrate the newsletter’s 150th issue). And it’s an oversized (in physical size and word count) issue that exists outside the continuity of the main issues — and contains some of my favorite of those old Mad Men methods. It’s also something I’m making available for sale to the masses, along with an extremely valuable bonus (see the PS below) until this Friday, 5/9 at midnight EDT. Anyway, you can learn more about it here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/madmen Ben Settle P.S. As for the bonus, it’s called: "The Swipestream Vol 1” A few of the tips inside include: * Why “beNeFitS!” are not the most important part of your advertising… and two things that are far more likely to nab you sales you should be focusing on in stead. (The problem is, these two things are not “sexy” and it takes work to use them. Thus, lazy bum copywriters never bother.) * A headline formula to use if you sell to jaded and frustrated prospects that I have yet to see not work like gangbusters. * How to get your prospect’s friends and family to help your ads make more sales for your business — all totally on the sneak, and without them even knowing it’s happening much less them pestering you to pay for their help.) * A comicbook-style ad (you can easily find on Google) that is a near perfect template for emails, sales letters, lead gen ads, and just about any other kind of direct response marketing.) * A 3-word cheat sheet for writing a near perfect sales pitch! (These 3 words are like a copywriting “course” unto themselves. And I learned it by accident some 20 years ago while digging around for copywriting tricks used by Gary Halbert and John Carlton. I’ve since used it to pen some of my most successful controls, emails, and other ads.) * A copywriting research secret straight from necrophilia underworld on Reddit where people talk about diddling skeletons. (Warning: This will absolutely gross you out, but it can also absolutely make your business a lot of sales.) * How to package offensive ideas in a way that still sells to the easily offended. * The Beavis & Butthead secret to selling to snooty professionals and snobs who think their shyt doesn’t stink. (I learned this from the great Paul Hartunian who’d get his crazy press releases read by Ivy League educated reporters — giving him millions in free publicity. And I have found it works just as well in emails and other sales copy, too.) And that’s just a small sip. You can read more of what’s inside at the link. Also, very important: You’ll need a smart phone or iPad to access this bonus. So keep that in mind before buying this offer if you want this bonus. Here’s the link again: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/madmen This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA