# Headline secret of a crackpot newspaper publisher

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 29 Aug 2025 13:14:38 +0000
**ID:** 198f5f8cce0ca2a7
---

One of my all-time favorite movies is: “Citizen Kane” It got me interested in studying the life and work of publisher William Randolph Hearst who the movie was partly based on, and his wiles for building a publishing empire and brand for himself that still lives on 70+ years since he joined the choir invisible. Like Hearst’s life, Citizen Kane is both a “what NOT to do” and a “how to” study. Both were considered crackpots by their enemies, and even quite hated. As for how-to’s... take this Charles Foster Kane line: “If the headline is big enough, it makes the news big enough” People like to complain about the news being slanted, bias, offensive, etc. But today's media ain’t got nuttin on Hearst. Outrageous headlines in his newspapers back during WW1 quoting Kipling calling for the "extermination of the entire German species" make even today's craziest lap dog media hit jobs look like puff pieces. Anyway, that headline advice is solid gold if you take it to heart. A headline can make a totally plain vanilla product exciting. You can also take an already crazy product and make it even more outrageous - hard to resist reading the ad - with the headline. In fact, I had a client in the self defense niche I talk about inside the September Email Players issue who I could not get crazy enough with his ads. In one case he took my already insane headline and... amplified that crazy. Like a “unicorn” client. After a few ads, he even suggested (I don’t think he was joking) we write screenplays together. That’s the kind of head space you want to be in. One of the first lessons about headlines I ever heard was from Gene Schwartz when he said copywriters are crazy. Or at least they should be. And you want them crazy because they go for the big kill. This doesn’t mean lying or twisting or exaggerating. It’s a psychological approach to headlines. And it takes a bit of letting go of any ‘baggage’ you might have. Especially if you are a freelancer always being reigned in by weak clients. Whatever the case: The September issue shows a lot of my own ‘crazy’ headlines - including what I call “feral headlines”, and what that means. Including many I wrote for the client above and some other bizarre ones, plus also some ones for ads that pulled insanely high response but look completely “tame” - and probably a lot of “copywriters” would balk at them as they go back to trying to out-claim everyone. There is much nuance to writing headlines. And it’s my hope after my boys & ghouls get done with the September issue, they unleashed the Kraken of crazy inside them, while also delivering an honest but fun experience for the reader, that makes that reader more likely to engage, buy, look forward to getting whatever they just bought. Okay enough hokeyness for the soul. To subscribe to Email Players in time for the September issue see the link below. To read more about what’s inside see the P.S. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s a juicy taste of what’s inside the September issue: * Sneaky psychological tactics I used to write the headline for one of the single most profitable sales letters ever run in the history of the self defense niche. * A headline secret used by the billionaire newspaper tycoon William Randolph Hearst (that John Caples also secretly used, too) that can help you exponentially amp up your ad or email readership, response, and, if you have a good offer... sales. * An ingenious way (used by certain, very savvy public speakers to seize a large room full of peoples’ attention) to write headlines for getting people to “lean in” to read your sales pitches. * An old timey day copywriter’s trick for pre-testing your headline’s power without showing it to anyone, without getting any critiques, and without guessing, wondering, or agonizing over it. * A surprisingly profitable headline technique from the movie “Citizen Kane” that can help even a rank amateur write headlines that stand out from anything else their prospect is being distracted by. * The headline trick of a kooky old newspaper space ad genius (who once got jailed for his writing!) for making your ads stand out head & shoulders from practically anything else on the internet, the inbox, social media, or anywhere else. * An example of how to write “bad ass” headlines - where prospects literally might think, “what a bad ass!” and have a hard time not reading the rest of your copy just to see what it’s about. (This won’t lend itself to every ad you write, and your milage may vary - but every time I do it never seems to fail.) * The strange (but 100% proven) secret for getting a higher response to your ads... by deliberately NOT going through the product or using the service you’re selling. (I doubt even a single copywriting “guru” will approve of this - but I have done it many times, including in a recent direct mail test that got exceptionally hight response.) * Two “stealth” emotions (most copywriters don’t even realize ARE emotions... they’ve been so brainwashed by horse shyt) to wrench on in your headlines, subject lines, and content titles to help nab higher response & sales. * The best (and totally free) place I’ve ever used to get genuinely useful copywriting critiques. * A red flag that can help you almost instantly know if a chest-pounding copywriting goo-roo you want to learn or buy from is just talking out of his arse. * A word-for-word email one of my all-time favorite copywriters (who has gotten “fan mail” from guys like Dan Kennedy and Gary Bencivenga, if that tells you something) sent me about how to knock out headlines that can double, triple, maybe even quadruple your response. (I DEFY anyone - newbie or seasoned pro - to read what he said and not write far more profitable headlines the very first time you use it.) * Psychological “triggers” that can help make it almost neurologically impossible to ignore your headlines - even when competing against 1,000+ other click-bait headlines fighting for your prospect’s attention. . * The shrewd “anti-NLP” headline secret (used by both David Ogilvy and Gary Halbert) for helping you get near instant focus from prospects reading your ads or emails. * How Mel Martin (the “King of Fascinations” whose alter many of the best A-list direct mail copywriters who ever lived have worshipped at) penned some of the most insanely profitable headlines in copywriting history - and often without using promises, claims, benefits, or any silly “click-bait”-like appeals. * NON-legal advice (let the record show, Your Honor) for health offer copywriters who want to write headlines that work like gangbusters while also helping keep your ads off Big Brother’s radar. * A clever way to use Facebook to help you see if a headline idea has any “legs” without spending any money or running any ads on there. * One of simplest and most effective “pattern interrupts” you can use in advertising headlines right now. (Not just sales letter headlines, but email subject lines, article titles, book titles, and more.) * How to shut the yap of the Doubting Thomas in every prospect’s brain - who’s whispering in his ear, trying to determine if he should read the rest of your ad or not. * What I learned about writing headlines after a short (and private - not recorded) conversation with one of the greatest A-list copywriters who ever lived. * The “feral” headline secret that can help make plain vanilla offers sound more exciting and exotic. * A neat little trick you can use in your headlines that is nearly guaranteed to get more attention & possibly response - even from prospect’s who would otherwise ignore you! (This “thing” can also work wonders in other parts of your ads and emails, too - especially in subject lines, stories, offers, CTA’s, and bullets.) * Three words used in a LOT of sales copy and emails these days (I even have to catch and stop myself from using them at times) that are like “fed bait.” (I had to pay several thousand dollars in fees to an attorney to learn this bit I share inside.) Here’s the link to subscribe to the paid Email Players newsletter before the deadline: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA