# How to radicalize a left-wing girl boss into a right-wing ride-or-die wife

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 01 Aug 2025 04:14:49 +0000
**ID:** 19863d8abb76c97d
---

Good news for single guys looking for a good ride-or-die woman. Especially RIGHT-wing guys. And, I’d argue, particularly ULTRA right-wing guys. Here goes: Earlier this year I saw a graph floating around the internet that showed how liberal women were far more likely to feel lonely compared to moderate or conservative women. And while I am sure there will be people objecting to the survey it was taken from (which is fair - surveys are not to be trusted), simply looking around and observing suffices to verify its accuracy. How is this possibly good news for a right-wing guy? Because it means all you have to do is simply find yourself one of these lonely left-wing women who isn't too far off the deep end, and then (figuratively... of course) throw a saddle on her, and break her in like any other hell bitch on the ranch. Yes! Keep running her around the pen, as she bucks and kicks and snorts - burning off all that negative feminist anger & jealousy she has for not being able to pee standing up... “roto-root” out all those silly Marxist ideologies she clings to & virtue signals about between glasses of cheap red wine on social media for likes & attention... then bring her on home. It can absolutely be a bit hair-raising, and it won’t be easy. But it does the hands good to break one in like this. After that? Radicalize her by converting her to Christianity, dictating who she votes for, and putting a baby in her. It won’t be long before she sees the unadulterated evil her idiot friends are out there shilling for and engaging in so it will no longer be some vague abstraction... but cold, hard, gruesome reality to protect her own children from. Ain’t none of this theory, either. Stefania was that proverbial left-wing, Hillary-voting, club-hopping, NY feminist girl boss. Not the kind that would celebrate evil, like one who would celebrate the two fat deviant men who recently went viral smooching on a terrified little baby they purchased (i.e., that they trafficked ) - one of who is literally a documented child sex offender - flaunting their intentions to the world as if it’s some kind of virtue. i.e., Stefania wasn’t nearly THAT far off the deep end, and so was salvageable. But now? If anything, I have to pull the reins to restrain her! "Eeeasy there, Stefania! Whoa!" She even calls herself “Genghis Mom” now. In my opinion: If more right-wing men took my attitude, and stopped fighting left wing girl bosses and instead radicalized them... aiming all that passion they have for voting for communist wine aunts towards building a family instead of a Tinder account profile... there’d be a whole lot more happier, fulfilled, and content women out there... with no need for SSRI’s, therapists, or trawling for attention on social media. I reckon there’d also be a lot less children in danger, too. Stefania doesn’t even put her pics on social anymore. And her Twitter account is basically just an Email Players recruiting tool. She’s literally the definition of a ride-or-die. Far more Wendy Byrde than Skyler White as far as that goes. (Word to the wise and all that..) Anyway, if this topic interests you, and if I haven’t sent you out into the streets weeping & gnashing your teeth or holding candlelight vigils... then realize I dig more into this topic (teaching my son Willis how to find a good ride-or-die woman) inside the 60+ page bonus I am sending with the milestone 14-year anniversary August Email Players issue. The bonus is called: “Email Players Annual #4: After School Special” This oversized (literally - in both size and page count) Annual issue bonus exists outside the normal continuity of the newsletter. And I wrote it to commemorate the newsletter’s 14-year anniversary. And it’s written as a long letter “to” Willis in case I up and join the choir invisible before he comes of age to teach it it to him - with all the most important business, marketing, money/finance, health, and relationship info I want him to know. I spent more time on this than I have some of my full-length books. I won’t say this is the “best” writing I’ve ever done but it’s certainly the most important. You can read more about it in the PS below if you want. Otherwise - the deadline to get in on time is when I send the list in a few. This is the last email I am sending about this. So if you want in, ain’t no time to lose. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com NOTE: I do NOT ship to Indonesia, China, India, Ukraine, Russia, the Philippines, Thailand, Japan, or Africa. Current Email Players subscribers are “Grandfathered” in, of course. Ben Settle P.S. Here’s some of the info inside the bonus Email Players Annual #4: After School Special I am gifting to Email Players subscribers next month: * A shrewd marketing formula invented by a consultant who used to advise the government on how to create propaganda. * A slick negotiation technique that can help “flip the script” in the sociosexual marketplace so women chase you instead of you chasing them. * What to do to your light bulbs that can not only help you get better, deeper, and more restful sleep… but also wake up more energetic, alert, and ready to “do battle” in the morning. * An “under-the-radar” (they don’t exactly teach in business school) trick used by some of the greatest leaders, politicians, and businessmen in history to help get people to cheerfully want to throw new business, opportunities, and cash flow at you. * The #1 trick for falling asleep almost as soon as your head hits the pillow - yes, even if you toss, turn, and stare at the ceiling wide awake each night now! * Money advice inspired by an eccentric golf guru I’ve used for nearly two decades to stay out of debt, buy ownership in multiple businesses with cash, and enjoy a lot more financial peace of mind in today’s volatile economy. * A cash flow technique pioneered by the late businessman Earl Nightingale that can potentially help you escape nearly any kind of financial emergency - especially when you’re desperate, terrified, and the “wolves” at your door demanding to be paid NOW. * A secret way to use an ordinary smart phone to help optimize your blood sugar, circulation, calorie burn, ability to fight off being sick, and have healthier joints, bones, mood, stress levels, and more. * The sleepy, under-known precious metal (NOT gold, silver, copper, platinum, or any of the “usual suspects” you see talked about) that’s by far the most valuable asset you can have in a SHTF (shit-hits-the-fan) economic or even Mad Max-style societal collapse. * Speaking of SHTF scenarios: a simple question you can ask someone to know, potentially with almost 99% certainty, if someone is likely to sell you out. * What is likely THE single cheapest and most potent “pill” ever invented for good health & well being... that needs no prescription, and can probably be acquired nearly anywhere in the world (including countries with shabby healthcare or even no healthcare to speak of.) * A clever strategy used by the banking industry for getting money from people who have none while offering them nothing in return. * How throwing away your sunglasses can be almost like working bona fide miracles on your hormones, energy levels, and mood. * The despised “political prophet” who predicted exactly what the U.S. is experiencing today over 30 years ago… and what he said you can expect to happen in the coming months, years, and decades. * What the “Godfather of personal branding” himself taught about how even rank amateurs can seize the lion’s share of money, engagement, and response in business. * The “anti-attraction” reason why even a lot of rich men who won the genetic lottery in looks are alone, rejected, depressed, even suicidal. * A small “twist” a lot of podcasters (big and small) can put on their funnels that would probably as much as double or even triple their revenue over time if they’re open-minded enough to try it. * How to rid yourself of crippling neediness for women you like that only gives them the so-called “ick” now. * The next best thing to honest-to-goodness “truth serum” for knowing exactly what a woman is thinking, feeling, or plotting no matter how brilliantly she hides her true intentions! * An ancient business secret (found in an old story about the wizard Merlin) that small businesses can use to beat the pants off competitors with better pricing, budget size, sales copy, offers, list quality, brand/name recognition, marketplace positioning, credentials, positioning, influence, audience size, or even value. * Advice from a wise pastor about finding cash flow for something you desperately need without resorting to loans, debt, or having to owe any man anything. * Why one of the best ways for a man to be more successful with women is to try to help them get back together with their ex-boyfriends. * The secret technique I’ve been using for years that can potentially help almost anyone in business go from 0- to 4-figures, 4- to 5-figures, 5- to 6-figures, and, yes, 6- to 7-figures in sales. * Advice to a frustrated and stigmatized Nigerian copywriter who struggles with being taken seriously by clients for no other reason than where he lives. * The dirty little secret big financial newsletter publishers selling some $500 million hedge fund manager’s “system” never tell you. * An almost freakishly profitable copywriting technique old school A-list copywriters would talk to each other about behind closed doors that created whole industries and control ads (and royalties) that’d last for years. * What to eat with every meal that can do wonders for helping optimize your blood sugar, energy levels, and body composition. * The ingenious “forever war” secret you can wage against your competition to (totally legally & ethically) steal the attention, engagement, and even the loyalty & respect of their customers. * The 8-point “get your balls back” protocol for if a woman you love & plan to spend the rest of your life with betrays you, leaves you, or even cheats, divorces, or goes ice cold on you for no reason whatsoever. * Why you should never under ANY circumstance trust your banker! * What a brilliant testosterone health expert & doctor teaches younger men for maximizing higher testosterone levels as you grow older. * The exact program (you might even be able to find on YouTube) I used for getting out from under a mountain of credit card, car note, and student loan debt far faster than almost anyone else I know ever has. * How to be nearly impervious to being knocked off and/or copied/cloned/easily replaced by so-called AI, copycats, pirates, and other assorted cons, criminals, & content burglars. * A stock trading method invented in the 3rd century BC that works even better in the 21st century AD with today’s technology. * The trick to granting yourself “instant energy” whenever you feel sluggish, weak, or lethargic. * How to find, attract, wrangle, and marry a loyal, “ride-or-die” woman. * The two-part way to banish self esteem problems I give young business men when it comes to marketing, copywriting, getting clients, and practically any other business challenges you struggle with. * How to keep your self respect & emotions in check when a woman rejects, ignores, ghosts, or (worse) manipulates and uses you just to get the attention of other men. * What social media “List Laundering” is and how to use it to ramp up your email response & sales. * The sneaky way (certain, very big social media accounts do) the famous movie director Frank Capra used to make himself into one of the richest and most celebrated brands of his time. * A secret direct mail tip found in the New Testament (pioneered by the Apostle Paul) that can help blast up your email campaign response to much higher levels. * How to turn people who have no desire whatsoever to buy anything from you into your own, personal “unwitting” sales force working hard to get you new business. * What I did to “break” a left-wing, feminist-indoctrinated girl boss... and transform her into a submissive, right wing, ride-or-die woman who literally now calls herself... “Genghis Mom.” All right, so be it. If you want in on time for the milestone 14-year anniversary Email Players issue plus a free copy of Email Players Annual #4: After School Special then scroll back up to the URL, note the list of banned countries, and follow the instructions while you still can. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA