# How to “flip” being called a racist into sales

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 18 Nov 2025 03:15:15 +0000
**ID:** 19a94f703c1f3e1b
---

Below is my latest Oregon Eagle article. The Oregon Eagle is a newspaper I have some ownership in, founded by Email Players subscriber Richard Emmons and his wife Kathleen. If you are interested in testing some offline advertising, you might check them out at the link below. Either way, here it is: === How To “Spin” Nasty Reviews About Your Business Into Sales If you want to trick people who leave 1-star reviews about your business, lie about your business, or even outright slander your business into being your own unpaid marketing interns working hard to make your business sales, then this article will show you how. Here’s a real-life story illustrating how it works: A few years ago, I was on a wine walk in downtown Bandon and got an email from one of my paid newsletter subscribers Tom Woods. Tom’s a senior fellow of the Mises Institute, hosts one of the biggest political podcasts on the internet, and is a New York Times bestselling author. In other words, he has lots of enemies. Including, at the time, “socially conscious” rapper Talib Kweli who started publicly accusing him of being a racist, white supremacist, and probably a lot of other “ists” on Twitter that night. Thus, Tom’s email asking me how to exploit this opportunity. Yes, Tom knew it was not a crisis, but a gift. He’d seen me flip all kinds of trolls and slanderers into sales. And he wanted to know how he could do the same. My advice: “Have a sale in Talib’s honor.” And so he announced a sale on Twitter thanking Talib, to his tens of thousands of followers... that pulled enough sales to take his family on a 5-star vacation. Of course, I wasn’t going to let Tom have all the fun. So I jumped into the fray and Talib & his fans started calling me a racist and white supremacist (ooh!), too. And, right on cue, I held a “WRITE supremacist sale” in their honor and to the tune of $25,000+ in sales over that short weekend. My girlfriend (now wife) at the time Stefania also got into the act. She’s definitely not white. In fact, in the aftermath of 9/11 when she lived in New York City, she had to wear a big cross on the way to Catholic School each day so people wouldn’t think she was a terrorist. And yet, after merely saying she didn’t like Talib’s music, his followers (all white guys) started calling her a racist and white supremacist... plus an MLM scam artist, a Nazi, a spammer, a 9/11 apologist, and even a “garbage human.” But by following what Tom and I did, she walked away with two consulting clients (including a guy WIRED Magazine said was “the most hated man in high tech” - you never know who’s watching...) and grew her email list by 10%. Bottom line? Don’t fear bad reviewers, mud slingers, or slanderers. Turn them into unpaid marketing interns, instead. Like I tell my own customers: “Never look a gift troll in the mouth.” === More about the Oregon Eagle newspaper at: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/oregoneagle Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA