# You’re gonna have your critics. Screw ‘em.

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 10 Sep 2025 01:15:02 +0000
**ID:** 1993130cde14909b
---

One of my favorite documentaries is called: “A Football Life - Mike Ditka” His time coaching the Bears was the only cool thing about growing up in Illinois. For example: The documentary shows footage of Ditka talking about his critics. The man had tons of critics, haters, trolls, and others in the media especially with axes to grind when he was coaching the Bears. And I’ve never seen anyone handle hostile reporters or put the sports media Maynards in their place quite like him. In fact, here’s what he said about his so-called media critics: “Media's fickle. You're a hero today, you're a bum tomorrow. Took me a while to figure it out but once I did I treated them all the same. Like dirt.” There is a lifetime of wisdom in that line. Far too many people are way too timid in their emails due to “critics.” Instead of ignoring them, or taking the Mickey Spillane attitude (i.e., “I don't give a damn about reviews. What I like to read are royalty checks”), or even better, making more sales from their stupidity… they appease the critics, put them on pedestals, crave their approval, and care far too much what they think, and, as a result, hold themselves back. “Oh noes! What will my Facebook friends say about me if I send this to my list?” Who cares. Let the lil' sob sisters weep & gnash their teeth. Maybe they’ll learn something. Obviously, you can do whatever you want in these circumstances. But, I can tell you what Ditka would say, and did say in the documentary: “You’re going to have your critics. Screw ‘em.” Who knows? Maybe it has given some people reading this that permission they need to get over the hump and write that email they want to use to sell their product, and try to make some sales instead of spending all that time pandering to people who don’t like or respect them, and are never going to buy from them anyway. As far as that goes? We created the BerserkerMail platform to go nicely with Ditka’s attitude. More info here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/berserker Ben Settle P.S. BerserkerMail co-owner John Wood has been wanting to us to do a live Q&A call about all-things email. I told him if I get enough questions sent in, we will do it. If we do, the call will be free (on Zoom) to all who attend, any email-related question is fine. And I will give a free copy of one of my books away to whoever asks the best, most useful, most engagement-nabbing question. But, only IF they are on the entire call and we call his or her name at the end. If we get enough interest/questions from this email announcement, we'll do it. If not, we won't. Submit your questions to by replying to this email. If I get enough questions, we'll do the call and answer all the questions live. I have no idea what day or time it will be at obviously, if we do it. But I do know there will NOT be a replay, and in order to win the free book one will have to be on the call start to finish. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA