# The “I have to ask my wife first” of business decisions

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 12 Nov 2025 15:14:45 +0000
**ID:** 19a78a3a2ef11678
---

Once upon a time, a would-be BerserkerMail client said he decided not to use our platform because his marketing manager insisted they use something more “mainstream.” That sounded like a guy asking his wife before making a business decision. And it's doubtful we can help guys like that either way, so was for the best. But it got me thinking, if BerserkerMail was “mainstream" it would almost certainly… * have managers who care more about getting your pronouns right than building a stable platform that helps make your business more sales * be more proud to feature podcast episodes about DEI, with guests who look like they should not be allowed within 1000 feet of a public school, instead of episodes about how to make more sales with email * keep raising prices even while taking on $100s of millions in series C funding * charge for a laundry list of pointless features you'll never use, and then brag about them with a list comparing ourselves to all the other mainstream platforms also churning out pointless features you'll never use, while generously raising your prices to make them so * encourage you not to mail often because it’s expensive and takes away from the owner’s piggy banks * cater to mommy bloggers who think they need to plaster their emails with graphics, pretty borders, and a dozen different links in each email * create features around what's more convenient for the development team instead of what’s most convenient for the clients * have a 'free' option that gets shyt deliverability to turn on the freebie seeking email marketing proles who don't know any better * have support run by people who have never sent commercial emails to their own lists selling their own offers in their entire lives… and just stack & reply to tickets with copy & paste answers * give nonsensical advice about “gaming” Gmail for more engagement instead of encouraging businesses to write better emails people want to engage with * tell you to focus on so-called open rates instead of sales * chase and appease price shoppers instead of value shoppers And so it goes. We’re definitely not mainstream. And, in fact, will just continue to do the exact opposite of mainstream. If you want to test BerserkerMail out for yourself, then simply get a free test drive to check it out. You will also get access to the BerserkerMail mobile app with lots of free training inside. Plus, you’ll get a free copy of an eBook I wrote for those who get the free test drive (you can use regardless of what platform you use) called: “12 Fast-Cash Ways To Profit From Email - Even During A Worldwide Financial Crisis” Info that, I believe, is quite timely indeed. Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/berserker Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA