# My secret hiding place of 30+ hours of free million dollar marketing stuff

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 12 Oct 2025 00:50:04 +0000
**ID:** 199d5e700da1451e
---

A reader asks the single most IMPORTANT question ever devised by the mind of mortal man: === Ben, I need to (feel obligated to) buy something from you. I'll let YOU tell me what I should buy. 🫣 My story. I started as an introverted Radio Disc Jockey back in the early 70's. I was awful. I knew it so I asked to try selling Radio Ads to businesses. I loved it, but as you know media sales people are not trained on how to make any media work, just how to sell it. I decided in the 80's I would travel and spend money to see anyone who was considered a Marketing Guru. I traveled all over the U.S. and even traveled to Canada to see Ted Nicholas, and to London to see Jay Abraham. You get the picture. I spent years and thousands of $'s for a real marketing degree. I started using what I learned to create marketing campaigns for locally owned businesses. Today I still consult 7 businesses on all of their marketing. My first client that I started working with 31 years ago ... still a client. I read every email you send. EVERY one. I feel guilty because of the FREE IDEAS I get from reading them. My guilt has caught up with me. Tell me which of your products I should buy. Thank you, === I get the “which of your products should I buy?” question at time. Certainly not every day, probably more like a few times per year. And it’s a helluva good question to ask in my totally egotistical and biased opinion. But alas... I have no idea how to answer it for most people because they never give me any details I require to advise. A better question is to ask yourself first, “What is the skill I most want to learn, the problem I most want to solve? Tell me that answer, then I can better advise. Otherwise I am not much help with this. Anyway, there are two kinds of people on my list: 1. Those who are a bit dull in the brain who think (and sometimes even complain about it) I give zero “value” because I don’t sit here and type out listicles and long form articles, and try to make people think instead, to become a little better, a little sharper, a little more effective at what you do each and every day 2. Those who see the value, like the guy above If you’re in the first group, I suspect you’re not long for my World. If you’re in #2, and are not sure what to buy, ask yourself the question above. Then, and only then, ask me which book to buy. The irony is, you won’t have to ask. All right, end of purely self-serving email. As far as "Ben don't you give free stuff away???" Listen, everyone who joins this free email list gets access to my free mobile app which has over 30 HOURS of training inside. I ain't exactly hiding it, but it might as well be hidden people are so lazy about getting it. Much of the content has helped grow million dollar (literally) businesses. And yet it's all free. Yours for the consuming. The info inside the mobile app covers more topics, ideas, themes than I can even remember at this point. And it's all in there just waiting to be consumed, free, conveniently on your phone. Don't have a smart phone? Not even an iPad? Get ye back to your cave and rub your arms together to stay warm, I guess. And coming from me that's saying something! Otherwise, it's all here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/app Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA