# The copywriter who got “cult-like” compliance from clients

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 27 Oct 2025 00:44:49 +0000
**ID:** 19a2320044b106dc
---

Many years ago, I heard the direct marketing author Denny Hatch tell a story about the late, great direct mail (especially magazine promos) Bill Jayme, and how he would deal with clients. Basically, it went down like this: First, he made them come to him - literally marching up a hill in his Napa, CA area home. As one client put it, “we were like pilgrims going up the mountain.” Then if they did the deal, Bill Jayme would agree to write a package for a magazine. Then, he’d tell the client when he would have it done by and shoo them away. Then, the client would say: “But don’t you at least want to know what the articles are going to be?” To which Mr. Jayme would say: (Paraphrased - going on memory) “No, I’ll pick the articles, and tell you what they’ll be about. These are my people. I know them, and they know me. They are my people.” Some find this arrogant. Others (like me) find it amusing - even inspiring. But, arrogant or amusing (or inspiring), there was a reason this "copywriting sorcerer" was booked out years in advance, could charge pretty much any fee he wanted, and had a long string of home runs, with almost cult leader-like submission from his clients who dare not even so much as question him in some cases. The reason: He knew his market better than anyone else. i.e., he was a master of RESEARCHING them and then wrote to them. A lot. And presumably with each control he got to know them more, and then more, and then more... until they were ‘his’ people, they knew him and he knew them in a creatively intimate way. During his day he’d get something like $40,000 for a package. That may not sound like much in 2025. But that is almost $250,000 - for a single package - in today’s money. The best copywriters I know and know of are fanatical researchers. While the newbs & fapGPT-prompters “brainstorming” with a super calculator focus on “how” to say it, the boys & ghouls at the tippy-top of the A-list (who I have spoken to at least) were focusing far more on the “what” to say. And yes, I have spoken with and interviewed many of them. And it was a theme that ran up and down the conversation. They hardly ever talked about the how-tos of “writing.” It was basically an afterthought to the “what” to write. Take David Deutsch, for example. When I interviewed him for my Copywriting Grab Bag eBook he said when he made it to the upper levels of the copywriting world he was kind of disappointed how few of the top writers cared much about the “writing” side. They were constantly talking to each other about the MARKET. The writing was almost an afterthought, the way he made it sound. That made an impression on me. And over the years after that, I figured out lots of ways to get to know my markets better than anyone else. I figured, if I could out research my competition, then I could, by default, out-sell them even if I could not “out-write” them. And that usually was the case. It was not unusual to have fights with clients when they first hired me. They were looking for magic phrases, hooks, and exciting techniques. Me? I was just regurgitating what the market said, their words not mine, packaging it in as dramatic a way as I could, and often the headlines looked anything BUT cool, sexy, exciting, or like something that’d be held up by some clown prancing around a mastermind room nattering on about his latest AI prompts. The really old school mail order guys were even more hardcore about research. For example: This is illegal now, from what I understand, but a lot of the old mail order guys would create the advertising and even collect the orders BEFORE creating the product they were selling. That meant they had to research their markets better than anyone else did. In other words: They would pretend they had magic genie-like powers to give their market whatever they wanted when writing the advertising. Then they’d write an ad selling it. And only then, if orders came in, would they rush like crazy to create the product around the ad - after which they then remove the claims they couldn't figure out how to fulfill in the product. So obviously the research couldn't be anything but world-class, accurate, better than anyone else's. Anyway, point is: Research is everything. It’s pure Leverage vs force. You can use force to try to lift up a car to change the tire. But you don’t need hardly any strength to use a tire jack. That’s Research: the tire jack to the super writer’s force of talent. Which brings me to the rub: A few months ago I was asked by one of my Email Players subscribers about Research. Specifically, he said he studied the market up and down, backwards and forwards, and spent a lot of time on it... but STILL didn’t feel like he had a tight grip on the market. He didn’t know if it was a procrastination thing or if there was anything else he could do in that situation. My response? I told him exactly what I would do (and have done) in such situations. Including what I did to Research my biggest pulling ads - including the ad that became, from what I understand, one of the highest selling ads in the self defense niche at the time (it was for the biggest info publisher in that market, and it crushed his controls, so I am just putting 2 and 2 together) and also one I wrote for the MLM niche that not only made the client wealthy, but a whole lot of his affiliates. They’d even come up to me to thank me at events I spoke at. Was a bit surreal... But it wasn’t my “copywriting” that did that, it was the Research. Anyway, ain’t nothing complicated or sexy either about it. But I suspect most people who write ads are not doing what I advised my subscriber. Thus, I also suspect those not doing it, and who then do it after reading what I told him, will have quite a happy Christmas this year indeed. That ain’t all I teach in the November Email Players issue, either. I teach all kinds of profitable tips, ideas, and strategies inside. You can take a look at a bunch of them in the P.S. below. To subscribe today, before the coming deadline, go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s a “sneak preview” of what’s inside the November Email Players issue: * Exactly what I’d do to rapidly build & grow an email list today if starting from scratch. * A totally manipulative social dominance technique used by an infamous WW2 Supreme Commander to get what you want from people without having to say a single word. (Use on your clients, and watch what happens!) * What to offer your list if you want to monetize it but don’t yet have anything to sell or plug. * The dark, twisted, even outright demonic reason (Gary Halbert unearthed back in the 70’s or 80’s but hardly anyone knows about today) why so many people are fat. * Advice for protecting your IP from being used to “train” so-called AI with. * A clever way to use the mute button on a phone, zoom, or other call to generate insanely profitable headlines, subject lines, stories, bullets, and themes for your ads & emails. * A surprisingly fun & effective way to profit from bum marketers copying your emails. * 9 ways to make totally commoditized content & topics sound sexy, exciting, and even new. * How to “outwit” software that flags actual human content as “AI” content. * An old school accountant trick for pre-writing your emails 2, 3, 4, even 6 months out. * How to turn being dirt broke into a powerful asset and advantage in your business. * The Gene Schwartz prophecies: his eerie warning for copywriters using and/or relying upon so-called AI he predicted decades ago - before even the internet itself! * How to “summon” like a genie from a jug all the energy & excitement you need to sell in markets that bore you to death. (Example: I used this trick “on” myself in the female weight loss niche that I hated selling to... and converted over 40% of the opt-in list to buyers. That wasn’t a function of “copywriting” as much as using this technique inside.) * A neat little trick for knowing if you’ve really done have enough research or not for your copywriting projects. * Ways to potentially “side step” rotten economies, disruptive technology (like so-called AI), and even weird left turns in laws/rules/regulations and seize marketshare while everyone else is panicking. * An instant tip off to know if a goo-roo or so-called influencer you’re tempted to spend money with is full of crap or not. * A powerful technique (discovered by one of the wealthiest self-improvement authors who ever lived) for banishing indecision when you’re not getting the results you want, and don’t know who to trust or where to turn. * What the late, great Gary Halbert warned about with using so-called AI to write sales copy way back in 1995! * How to be the “Netflix” of your list/audience/market - where YOU be their self-medication... (not some podcast or TikTok channel)... where YOU be their entertainment (not TV or movies)... And where YOU be the one they “tune” into each day (not news sites or social media). * How to get far less resistance from clients constantly questioning everything you do or always fighting you on even so much as testing your ideas. * An ingenious little “cheat sheet” (I’ve used for years) for keeping yourself committed, focused, & disciplined when you have a thousand things/people/forces beyond your control always trying to distract you. * A simple strategy (I learned from the great A-list copywriter Bob Bly years ago) for quickly “sizing up” clients to determine if they’ll be a nightmare or a joy to work with. * My “if you’re gonna be stupid, you might as well be smart about it” advice to marketers who insist on selling so-called AI tools & offers. The deadline to subscribe in time is when I send the list to the printer. After that, the cart is turned off. And your ability to get this issue goes bye-bye. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA