# A lust letter about Sociological marketing

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 09 Oct 2025 11:45:10 +0000
**ID:** 199c8ca18b5d7c3b
---

Email Players subscriber Anthony Tibbles demonstrates the power of what I call: “Sociological marketing” He says: === Loving the psychological vs sociological marketing philosophy. You're giving those of us who work with clients an entire new vision and vocabulary so we can lead them in more pleasurable and profitable directions while rethinking how we operate. Look forward to the next update. And: I too have been recommended low stress trading by someone who is not yet a customer. Word gets around... === I've been writing a lot about Sociological-marketing vs typical goo-roo psychological marketing lately. Like, the October Email Players issue, for example. The entire issue is a lust letter to our Low Stress Trading business' marketing structure - which is a very pure form (even more than my own business) of what I call Sociological Marketing that I first wrote about in my elBenbo Press book in 2020, because I never saw anyone else teaching much less doing it in direct marketing. The grifters are all acting like they invented World-Building 5 years later. I now wonder, after this particular issue, how many will behave as if they invented Sociological Marketing, too? We will see.. I certainly did not "invent" it, though, I just was doing it for 20 years prior. All my biggest business influences are mostly NOT direct marketers. With a few exceptions, I never look at direct marketers as any kind of guide for anything. But back to Sociological businesses: If you want to see what it looks like and in "real time" just watch how we promote and approach our Low Stress Trading company. We don't hide anything or use any secret ninja tricks or anything. And this week, through Friday, I am also selling it to my list with a free book offer for those who take advantage of it. You can, for free, observe how Sociological Marketing works: Everything from the way we do live webinar/training (which is literally the opposite of how the goo-roo geek chorus does them), to how we treat the opt-ins, to how we get opt-ins, to how we curate clients (or would-be clients - I've been kicking people off the live calls this week who demonstrate they are going to be a pain in the ass to deal with even if we did let them buy), to (if you end up buying) how we onboard, guide, direct, and give ridiculous levels of support to unlike anything else in the entire history of the financial offer space, and more. And that’s just for starters. I haven't even talked about the community or the proprietary software to help make everything go as smoothly, and profitably as we can possibly make it for our boys & ghouls. And, of course, the fact it just flat out works unlike all the hacks and tricks in that space. Call me biased if you want. And, obviously, I am. But our Trustpilot reviews are so surreal, and in such great numbers, unprompted, and ridiculously detailed... they assume we must be gaming their systems. Even to the point where Trustpilot has started making our customers show them PROOF (receipts, invoices, etc they get when buying) that they are real customers before publishing their reviews! There are just so many they figure we got to be bots or something. There is no better demonstration of how well our stuff works than that, imo. Much of this was explained in the October issue as far as how Sociological Marketing has contributed to this. But for those who missed out on it (and that ship sailed 8 days ago...): even inside there, I said you could also merely observe what we do. Something, again, you can do starting today, if you want. And you can do it by simply attending the live call I am doing with Troy Broussard and with one of our star clients and who is also our Customer Advocate (she literally calls and talks to every new client, makes sure you're taken care of, got what you need, does calls each week to shepherd you through it... etc), Jenny Hendricks. She has taken to this like a fish to water, to say the least. And the entire client base absolutely loves her, and she will have a lot of interesting things to say today. Speaking of guests: On this last Monday's call we had former Agora Financial CMO (of their Legacy Research division - the biggest they had) Jon Alexander on. We figured he'd hang with us for a half hour or so. He has a bustling farm in Montana to attend with cows running loose and chickens whose necks needed to be wrung. But he stayed the entire 2.5+ hours and wanted to keep going, as he went into detail about where all the bodies are buried in the financial niche, and how while he oversaw $1.5 billion in financial newsletter sales - and literally has seen and tried most everything - Low Stress Trading is his ONLY trading method. He has taught it to his own wife and kids, too, if that tells you something. There is nothing else one need learn, or do, as far as he is concerned. And note: He got zero compensation for being on the call. He's just a fan who uses it and "evangelizes" it like a lot of our companies do. He just loves it so much he couldn't stop talking about it for over two hours with us. It was a fascinating call (and there is NO replay, you gotta be there or be nowhere with our stuff, another thing your favorite writhing-on-the-vine goo-roo would probably tell you not to do...) Low Stress Trading is a snowball that is gaining size and momentum very fast. With hardly any paid advertising at all yet. As you can see in Anthony's testimonial above: He is hearing about it from someone besides us now. The biggest challenge we have is it sounds simply unbelievable. All the hype and bull shit from the rest of the financial space over the years brings "baggage" to this where even some of my best pals and family think it must be hype and exaggerations. Even I was like that when Troy was first figuring it out. It took even me 2 YEARS, including 9 months after I bought ownership in the company (I just wanted another place to "park" money, basically). This is why I invested in all these other companies over the years... like Learnistic, BerserkerMail, the Oregon Eagle, etc. But ironically: ALL of those companies are now basically in the trading business, too, (each has their own trading accounts), because it doesn't take long, due to the way our 1% methodology works, for the trading gains to potentially surpass the actual sales. All right enough. I will end with one final thing: You should also know, another one of our biggest obstacles has been the price. Not it being too expensive... but too cheap. Jon Alexander was saying he saw offers in the financial space selling for $10k+ that didn't do even a fraction of what we do with Low Stress Trading, or that work even a fraction as effectively as what we teach. Plus, unlike those offers, you don't need 100s of thousands to make it work like the big financial offers do, that target rich dumb money speculative investors. So after this week, when you see me sell it, it will be twice as expensive. As I told everyone on yesterday's call: It's all YOUR fault as skeptics. You literally have given us no choice but to double the price. Troy intended to never raise it above $1,000. He was adamant about it. We discussed that very early on in the company's existence as he wanted to make it accessible to anyone who really wanted to use his Framework. This is his Legacy and he doesn't need your sale, he literally has a $2+ million account and can make something like $20k a week now, and sometimes more, with a few clicks of his mouse. And that is only going up each week. He could sell his ownership off, and live the rest of his life like a King just on his trading alone. He doesn't teach this because he needs to, but it's his legacy and "fun zone." After his recent open heart surgery, he's looking to do less, not more. But, you get him on these calls and there is nowhere else he'd rather be. Anyway, as far as the pricing: If most people find it all unbelievable at the current price, what more can we do but raise it? So keep that in mind if you’re the procrastinating type. In the meantime: If the idea of trading this framework for financial success and, frankly, peace of mind sounds at-all intriguing to you... and, also, if you want your pick of any ONE book I sell for free, then I got two links for you. Link #1: Is to sign up for today's live, free training on how Low Stress Trading works in “real time”, where I’ll be grilling Troy on what his trading framework looks like, see his bare nekid account, and ask questions, hold his feet to the fire, even outright badger him to prove he’s telling you the truth (you will be doing him a bonafide favor if you do - he WANTS you to try to stump him). Here’s that link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/options Today’s live training is at: 5:00 EDT / 4:00 CDT / 3:00 MDT / 2:00 PDT. If you end up buying the offer, use RefCode SETTLE to get a special bonus: Your pick of any ONE book listed in the P.S. below. It also has pertinent deadline (which is tomorrow) and instructions for how to claim it. NOTE: This is he LAST time I will be selling Low Stress Trading with this free book offer at the current pricing. Next time you see me promote this the price will have doubled. So if you’re on the fence, keep that in mind. If you want to pay more later, that’s fine by us, of course. But giving you a heads up here that it will double. Link #2: Is to the Low Stress Trading TrustPilot reviews. I cannot legally vouch for any of the claims there, of course. And many are so surreal the three attorneys we hire telling us we can’t really use them as-is in our marketing, but you can read them independently on that site: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/lst/trust Not a fan of putting links to more than one site in an email. But it’s important you make an informed purchase not just for your sake, but because we don’t want people to just “buy” Low Stress Trading, we want people who are bought in to it. Finally: See the P.S. below for the bonus book list and deadline to claim it. Ben Settle P.S. To get a free copy of any one of the books below as a bonus you must: (1) buy Low Stress Trading via RefCode SETTLE at the checkout and (2) let me know which book from the list below BY tomorrow’s 10/10/25 at midnight EDT deadline. If you send me your book pick AFTER that it will be ignored. I hate “tail” in marketing in all its evil forms. So either let me know your book pick by the deadline or no book for you. Here is the list of books to choose from: * ParaSELL Universe * Markauteur * elBenbo Press * Affiliate Launch Copynomicon * Copy Slacker * List Swell * Email Client Horde * Social Lair * Copy Troll * Infotainment Jackpot * Brand Barbarian * Breakneck Content * NOfluence * Copy Salesliloquies * Count of Content To read more about a specific book below, Google is your friend. Again, to qualify for your free book you must (1) buy Low Stress Trading with RefCode SETTLE and (2) let me know your book pick BY tomorrow’s Friday 10/10/25 deadline. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA