# Paradox of the Dan Kennedy fanboy

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 31 May 2025 00:39:40 +0000
**ID:** 19723c7da8b2541f
---

First, let me be 100% crystal clear about something... I'm a huge and extremely loyal Dan Kennedy fan. I consider him the single greatest marketing mind of our time. And his teachings have changed my business in more ways than I can possibly count, and continue to do so every year - including with every “off the cuff” FAX he sends me, when we communicate. Each is almost like a mini seminar unto itself and he’s not even trying. In fact: I once did a series of podcasts about my “Mount Rushmore” of favorite marketing teachers, and he is NOT on it. And the reason he is not on it is because he has his OWN mountain all to himself in my pantheon of favorites, that towers above all else.. i.e., Mount Kennedy. So yes, I am a Dan Kennedy fan. But, what I'm not, is a Dan Kennedy "fanboy." Dan Kennedy fanboys - like all fanboys - don't think for themselves. All they do is parrot & quote. It’s a lot like the AI digital grove worshippers. They just quack the same lines as each other. In the Dan Kennedy fanboys’ case, they can only parrot: "Dan Kennedy says..." Like Brainy Smurf always saying, "Papa Smurf always says..." these blue flame specials just quote, quote, quote, without context. For example: Some years back, a Dan Kennedy fanboy tried busting my balls - unsolicited advice, like they all give, it didn't even cross his mind to ask questions for context and data first - about not offering a guarantee because “Dan Kennedy says…”, even though ceasing to offer a guarantee had exponentially increased my overall profits and helped create a much higher quality customer base. Another example: One particularly troubled Dan Kennedy fanboy many years ago nagged me about not using testimonials because, again, “Dan Kennedy says…” And, also again, it was unsolicited advice. But, if he'd bothered asking, he'd have known the ad he had heartburn about performed way better without testimonials and with a lot less potential fallout from the alphabet agencies. Yet another example: Another went into Dan Kennedy fanboy mode after I switched out the old spiral bound manual I used to give to new “Email Players” subscribers with the current “Email Players Skhēma Book” - which (admittedly, and deliberately) breaks some major rules I've heard Dan Kennedy teach about information marketing, product packaging, titling, and cover design. In this one’s case, the little Dan Kennedy fanboy declared I “devalued” it. He also incorrectly assumed the new format saves me money and that’s why I changed it. (It costs more, not less, to produce) And then proceeded to complain about the font, the format, and even the title. Then, still without gathering a single fact first, he started talking about his business and experiences - which was like comparing apples to dandelions - and how he used to talk to Dan Kennedy, and was told to turn his book into a 3-ring binder full of photocopied pages, and his sales went up by millions. All of which I have no doubt happened. But what the Dan Kennedy fanboy missed is this: The reasoning behind his product packaging was sound in his situation. But it doesn’t apply to MY business whatsoever. The short story long of it was: Many markets have a hard time paying for high priced “books” that look mass market like you’d find in a bookstore (such as many of my books), since that makes them look like they’d be $12 books at Barnes & Noble. And people who respond to those kinds of offers tend to refund them in droves when they get them for the reasons the Dan Kennedy fanboy cited. However, I neither sell those offers, or to those markets, or offer refunds. Plus, I use email in ways hardly anyone else does (hint: they aren't buying the "product", they are buying me, which is a whole other lesson in and of itself) making the comparison to my business completely pointless and, frankly, stupid. To further illustrate why I found this part of his unsolicited critique so amusing: At the time, my "Affiliate Launch Copynomicon" & "Copy Troll" books - both with slick mass market-like covers that supposedly don't work (and, again, ironically, were designed by the great Kia Arian, who is the exact same graphic designer who Dan Kennedy often hires for his own graphic design work...) - were not only both several hundred dollars, but were two wildly successful launches, the latter especially considering how esoteric the book is. I don’t know. Maybe those customers didn't get the memo they weren't supposed to value them? Afterwards: My Brand Barbarian book creeped up towards the top selling slot of all my books. And, I can only imagine the candlelight vigil the little Dan Kennedy fanboy made about that cover - not only perfect bound and slicked up mass market-like cover, but oversized, and awkward to hold while reading probably, to boot. Same goes for all the books I published afterwards: Infotainment Jackpot, Breakneck Content, elBenbo Press, Social Lair, NOfluence, Markauteur, ParaSELL Universe, Count of Content, Copy Salesliloquies Vol 1 (a tongue twister of a title...), and on and on and on. The point: The Dan Kennedy fanboy didn’t have an opinion, his opinion had him. Again, much like the AI guys with digital girlfriends do today about so-called AI. All of which was only made worse with his blind appeal to authority. (i.e. “Dan Kennedy said…”) Another ironic part: As he was busy chanting “Dan Kennedy says…” while rubbing the belly of his Dan Kennedy bobble-head on his desk for magical good luck powers... he completely missed the reason why the new version of my Email Players Skhema book has been so successful, with more overall positive testimonials and feedback than the old manual-style version ever got. And that is because my entire re-design was inspired by, and in strict accordance with, a Dan Kennedy teaching I’d been aggressively & rapidly implementing to have the biggest run of growth in my business’s 16-year history at that point in those past 16-months at that time. Even more ironic: One thing Dan Kennedy says (Lordy, now even I’m saying it…) is: “All marketing dogma is bad” And never to blindly believe it. Which, of course, is what these Dan Kennedy fanboys do, even as they dole out their unsolicited advice without context, or bothering to ask a single question, first, in the name of Dan Kennedy. Now, let me be clear about this again for the slower thinking or overly pedantic reply guys: This email is NOT an indictment of Dan Kennedy. I have nothing but the utmost respect and admiration for him, his teachings, his books, his products, and his impact on the industry, even pioneering many things the rest of us young’uns take for granted today. He’s a for-real “legend” in this industry. And it simply doesn’t get more high level than him. But the reason I have even been doing all these things over the years that drives these Dan Kennedy fanboys batty with cognitive dissonance and paradoxes they can't see right in front of their turned up noses is precisely because I am strictly obeying many of Dan Kennedy’s teachings. Which brings me to the point of all this: The June Email Players issue shows a line-by-line breakdown of a successful direct mail campaign winning piece that did, from what I have been told at least, 5x the average response in direct mail. And even the losing one did over 3x that average. I show both in the June issue, but only have room to analyze the winner. But I will say this about both of them: They break many “dogmatic” rules. Especially if you go by “what’s working now.” I’ve never been a big fan of what’s working now. I care far more about what works. And what works is far less about the marketing, and far more about the market itself - which my test panels were focused on over tricks, tips, and copywriting goo-roo dogma. If anything, I openly defied (even defiled) some long-standing dogma which, in yet another ironic twist... is something else Dan Kennedy teaches. (i.e., defying industry norms) Tomorrow’s the deadline to subscribe in time for the June issue. If you want in best hurry, Pokey. Or, to learn more about what’s inside specifically, see the lowly P.S. below. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Some bit o’ info about what’s inside: * An ingenious writing secret (found in popular old detective novels) that can help make your blatant selling ads feel like content. * A sneaky way to “pre-test” an ad to help know if it’s going to win or bomb before spending any time or money running it. * How deliberately including a “pinch” (just a pinch!) of outright psychopathy can help create, build, and grow a business in the diet niche. (NOTE: discernment and being able to read between the lines is required if you’re going to use this bit of knowledge I learned from an old Gary Halbert diet promotion campaign.) * What the great A-list copywriter Doug D’Anna recently taught me (on a live call) about what is perhaps the #1 body copy secret for turning ice cold leads into red hot sales. * A clever way to use a prospect’s own mailbox to help drive up response and sales if you use direct mail. * Probably the #1 most profitable copywriting technique I have ever learned that helped even my early “mid” level sales copy pull like crazy - including when competing against far better copywriters. (This technique haunts nearly every ad and email I write - including in THIS email you’re reading as I use it “on you.” Details on page 16 inside.) * A little-known trick (I learned directly from one of the best publicity experts who ever lived) for writing tighter, stronger, and more responsive sales copy. * A word-for-word email I sent a business partner explaining exactly how to grow a strong and ever-growing customer/client base. (Including during times like now where most businesses are hemorrhaging sales & customers left & right with no end insight!) * A real life case study in how writing a “Hail Mary pass” ad (that clients will hate and you’ll probably have trouble even getting tested) can blast your response far higher than playing it safe. * A stupid, amateur, and all-too-common landing page mistake that can kill your direct mail campaign response. (Yes, I, your ever-humble daily narrator made this idiotic blunder in a recent direct mail test to drive opt-ins to a web page... and even though we still did exceptionally well, we could have gotten probably 5-10x MORE response had I not had my head up my arse about this.) * A secret way (copy chiefs will almost certainly despise - so don’t expect anyone to cheer you on if you do it) for copywriters to use LOSING ads and sales letters in their swipe files to write winners that break sales & response records. * A ridiculously responsive headline template invented by the late, brilliant copywriter Gene Schwartz that I have yet to see fail. (It can also work as a template for writing your sales pitch openers, too, if you struggle with those.) * How to “soften” big, crazy claims & benefits (assuming they are true) so they are far more believable and far less likely to set off someone’s “bull shit” detector. * How to write sales copy in a way where the reader is more likely to think “this guy can’t be lying” as he reads it. (Doesn’t guarantee he will buy or respond, but it should at least get you a fair reading and chance to sell him if you do it right.) * How to use the ancient “law of the jungle” in your ads & emails to potentially want to buy what you’re selling even if they originally had no interest in what you’re writing about. * A secret used by history’s greatest military generals (Napoleon and Alexander the Great especially especially advocated this) for winning war campaigns you can also use to win more copywriting, email, and other marketing campaigns. (Gene Schwartz advocated doing this in copywriting as well, and so have many other A-list copywriters I’ve studied. With all of them retiring it’s almost like a lost art now.) * The “butt clench” test to know if you are pushing hard enough with your guarantees. * Advice I got straight from the world’s greatest direct mail strategist that can help you sell to ice cold leads who have no idea who you are with no real reason to listen to a word you say. * The Phil Donahue daytime talk show secret to profiting from boring “I like the color of the product packaging” type testimonials that don’t really say anything useful. (This won’t work for all testimonials, but if you can use it with even ONE of them, you will likely see a dramatic rise in response.) * A reverse psychology copywriting technique that can potentially help get even the most jaded & skeptical leads, prospects, and customers to chase you instead of you chasing them. * An admitted twisted secret I recently used for getting far higher response to a direct mail campaign (I suspect it might also work online, probably, although I admittedly have yet to test it. Anyway, do what you want with this info, I am merely showing you what I did to get 5x the average direct mail response.) * How creating a “double readership path” in your sales copy can potentially destroy your sales and response. (This flies in the face of a lot of copywriting books - but like all rules it can and, sometimes should, be broken. See page 20.) * A secret taught by the late, great Jim Rutz (one of the top 3 copywriters, easy, of his day) about how to write to leads in the finance space that can help get both higher response and better customers. * Why so many old school direct mail guys are online and don’t really do much cold direct mail themselves anymore. * A nuanced look at what I believe is the perfect copywriting “tone” for selling to super jaded and skeptical markets where people are (literally, this is what goes through their head) looking at every sentence you write and thinking, “this is bull shit” and looking for reasons to delete, click away, or (if direct mail) toss you out. * Speaking of guarantees: How to cover your arse from getting overrun with fraudulent refunders who love to buy and frivolously refund. * A real life example of how to use “social engineering” on the sneak in your calls to action for higher response and better quality customers. Go ye here for more about the newsletter by tomorrow’s deadline: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA