# People are strange

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 26 Jun 2025 23:45:17 +0000
**ID:** 197aea2b343c549e
---

If you have never read Val Kilmer's book “I’m Your Huckleberry” it is especially useful for copywriting. Probably his all-time best work is in the movie “The Doors” which Stefania & I recently re-watched. Some reasons I've read about: * Kilmer literally ‘became’ Jim Morrison for the role to the point where he learned every lyric, learned to move exactly like Jim Morrison (every sway, gesture, body “tick”, all of it), did Jim’s “trance” like stare with eerie accuracy, and memorized and performed every single song as well as Jim himself did. * He was so convincing as Jim Morrison the surviving band members of The Doors admitted even they could not always tell whether it was Kilmer or Morrison’s voice! * I think my favorite part of the movie was when he was told not to sing “higher” by the censors when singing “Light My Fire” on live TV... only to step forward, stare right at the camera, and sing “HIGHER!” with an almost rage-like intensity combined with pure mockery and contempt... I am not sure how Val did it, but he was almost more “Morrison” than Morrison was in some parts. * Even Paul Rothchild, the band’s original producer, said he couldn’t tell the difference between the two voices when Kilmer sang vs Morrison’s original songs. * Kilmer watched hundreds, if not thousands, of hours of Morrison’s talks, interviews, concerts, and any other footage he could find... mimicking not only his speech patterns but his THOUGHT patterns. * Val also performed during live concerts during the concert scenes so he could react to and feel and perform exactly as Morrison would have (under hot lights, a slick stage, insane fans, lusting fan girls...) vs doing it in a controlled studio environment like a mere “actor” constrained by budgets and money-pinching micro-managing producers would normally have to work with. * Kilmer became Morrison in every way short of (I think, at least...) abusing drugs... certainly he did not die from it like Morrison did... imbibing how Jim thought, spoke, performed, dressed, and even writing style to an almost spooky degree... * It got so intense, afterwards Kilmer said he lost track of where Kilmer ended and Morrison began in his psyche and personality. * It even freaked out his co-stars who seriously started worrying about him as well as their own reactions to him as his intensity “trickled down” to them - creating a similar effect with how their characters reacted/behaved/looked/sounded. * Val even meticulously got down to the exact body weight Morrison had, it was so specific. * After it was all done he had to seek therapy to get rid of Jim Morrison in his head since he had done such a thorough job of “becoming him. * It also damaged his marriage - such was the sacrifice me made for sake of Performance. Anyway, if you are wondering what this had to do with your copywriting & marketing: When Stefania & I re-watched “The Doors” I hadn’t seen it since high school. But watching it now, through the eyes of a marketer/copywriter, it got me thinking: One reason the AI nerds who get pulsating morning wood over so-called AI generated bigfoot vlogs who think they will magically become bonafide movie directors - complete with bull horn & ascot - will fail miserably is because they will always lack the one ingredient needed to stand out. Especially with everyone else having access to the cheap technology. And that ingredient is: Performance. All marketing, copywriting, and if you do it right, business, is at the end of the day a Performance. It’s not first about “giving value” or parroting goo-roos or being the goo-roo’s pet in the mastermind. It’s all about Performance. This email you are reading now is a Performance. It might look, sound, feel, smell, taste like “content.” But first, it’s a Performance. And those who understand that sometimes come off as strange as the lyrics of the song People Are Strange to other marketers who only get their education from shallow and free social media groups or listicles. The good news is: Performance is something you can learn as you apply and think about and incorporate into every aspect of your business - even customer service - when you learn the mysteries of Infotainment. And yes, I consider it one of the great mysteries of marketing. It’s also what I have long believed and experienced to be the #1 skill ever since learning it nearly 20 years ago from the great Matt Furey who pioneered it for us mere mortal marketers - especially email marketers. Enter the July Email Players issue. It can help you learn the “Performance” side of sales & marketing. Give you ideas for how to be a better Performer. And, if you do it it right, make the kind of scratch great Performers make. You can read about the specifics of what’s inside in the P.S. Otherwise, to subscribe while you still have a little time left to do so, go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Heres a “sneak preview” (so to speak) of what is inside the July issue: * The “you can go to hell!” headline (or subject line) secret to getting so much engagement it’ll probably freak you out the first time you use it. * A crazy-ass Method Acting trick that helped my sales copy build a six figure per month business in the golf niche. (I’d never even played golf at the time, yet this trick beat the hell out of the control written by a far more seasoned golf niche copywriter right out the gate.) * The “multiple personality” phenomenon for writing world class email and sales copy. (If you haven’t “heard” the voices of the markets you’ve written to haunting your psyche 24/7 years after writing the copy, it means you’re still sane, but probably not making the sales you could. Use at your own risk.) * The semi-insulting reason reason Email Players subscribers without the ability to think abstractly struggle with using the content. (Something to consider before subscribing - don’t say you weren’t warned.) * How to make your emails, social media, sales copy more fun for people to consume than their favorite Netflix, Hulu, Apple, Amazon, and other streaming shows/movies. * An ingenious method (used by Marlon Brando in his most celebrated roles) that can potentially ramp up your email engagement and sales as much as 2 or even 3x over time . A sneaky acting technique (I’ve never seen a single marketing goo-roo teach) seen in “The Godfather” that created chillingly* perfect performances... and how to use it to create such almost chillingly strong relationships with your leads, prospects, customers, and clients they may not want to buy from anyone BUT you. * Advice to people who write emails and social media posts in advance to potentially cut your writing time in half - and without using TikTok brain-level generative AI. * The single best free resource (found on Facebook) I’ve ever used for hammering out infotaining emails, social media posts, audio/video content, and even sales copy. (Next time you get “stuck” for ideas simply go to this Facebook page, read a post or two, and watch as interesting, engaging, and cashflow-creating content will probably flow right out of your brain. That’s been my experience, at least.) * A shrewd market research tip from actor Christopher Lloyd that make your business a pile of new sales almost immediately - and possibly even the first time you use it. (A caveat: if you suck at pattern recognition this tip WILL NOT work. Fair warning...) * The 6-word “folk horror” secret behind some of the highest grossing sales letters ever penned. * The little-talked about infotaining sales letter/email template (used in certain Gary Halbert and John Carlton ads - if you know what to look for) I’ve been quietly using in my most engaging content for over 20 years. * A beat-for-beat breakdown of one of the most profitable emails I’ve ever written that was 14 PAGES long! (Email goo-roos saying long emails don’t “work” should be ignored. And this email proves it. Inside I walk you through my 14-page monster you can probably use in your very next email to get more engagement & sales, if you choose.) * The “never have to worry about money ever again” secret used by Bruce Willis and Samuel Jackson to get all the money, fame, and respect they could stand... even though they made far MORE box office duds than successes. (This trick was also used by Stallone, Keanu Reeves, Mel Gibson, Arnold, and others... and if you know what you’re doing, you can apply this directly to your own business to STEAL engagement and sales right out from under your competitors’ noses.) * A dire warning from a Mad Man-era advertiser whose advice seems almost like prophecy today for anyone using generative so-called “AI” to create content. Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA