# The worst kind of sales letter a guy can write

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 17 Jun 2025 03:44:42 +0000
**ID:** 1977bfd54dab2283
---

Many years ago Yours Unruly was hired by the “founding father” of internet marketing (as well as the founding father of email marketing & online video marketing) as we know it - Ken McCarthy - with one of the worst kinds of copywriting assignments a guy can get. That assignment being: Writing the ad for a course about copywriting. Such an ad gets scrutinized & critiqued especially harsh by the market. And that’s as it should be. After all: It must sell the product as well as be a demonstration of said product. No easy task. And you cannot screw around with ego or goo-roo nonsense. But it ultimately worked far better than hoped and it also put me on some prestigious "radars." And all was well. Until a few years ago, that is. Because, you see, I’d originally wrote it in 2005-2006. Then in 2021 I looked at it again, and found all kinds of ways to make it far more powerful, far more responsive, and far more useful to the would-be customer who reads it. So I contacted Ken before selling it as an affiliate that year and offered to rewrite the entire sales page out of sheer, gut-wrenching pride & ego. I just couldn't let the original stand anymore. I had learned so much in the years since the original, I considered it to be what I once heard Email Players subscriber and the man universally considered the World's Greatest Living Copywriter Gary Bencivenga call sub par copywriting that could be better: "Advertising malpractice." Which brings me to my book: “Copy Salesliloquies: Vol 1” It contains a page-by-page, line-by-line, and, yes, precept-upon-precept analysis of that sales letter in its rewritten form originally taught inside the February 2021 Email Players issue. And it’s my goal this part alone be one of the more intense copywriting “power educations” you ever see published on the face of the Earth. And to do that I had to go both deep & wide on the topic. I could leave no stone unturned and no paragraph un-explained down to the most minute detail, by explaining every thought-process involved with writing that ad, especially after I updated it a few years ago. More: This book includes the June 2020, February 2021 (mentioned above), June 2021, & May 2022 Email Players issues which were all about copywriting. Plus, it also includes the transcripts of a couple intense line-by-line sales letter analyses (for my Subscription Biz & Social Lair book offers) I did for our $499/month Profit Pirates coaching clients. Lots of stuff I either couldn’t fit into my Copy Slacker book (already 800+ pages). Or stuff I learned since writing Copy Slacker. And before you even ask: No, you do NOT need Copy Slacker to learn from the info in this book. If anything, it serves as a nifty “prequel” (or sequel if you already possess it) to my Copy Slacker book you can learn from regardless of your experience, knowledge, or skill level now. It’s also on sale at a fat discount until Friday June 20 at midnight, EDT. Simply do this: 1. Go to the URL below 2. Read the letter carefully to make an informed purchase 3. Use code WILLIS at the checkout (Make sure you see the price change before entering your info) http://www.EmailPlayers.com/salesliloquies1 Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA