# The ol' switcheroo from digital to print

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 29 Nov 2025 15:15:32 +0000
**ID:** 19ad02f0a6fdf65e
---

One of my Email Players subscribers asked about switching his digital membership model to a print newsletter model like I have. Specifically: 1. He has a membership site + private Facebook group 2. Does weekly calls with teaching, Q&A, and guest experts 3. He’s great at leading, teaching, and facilitating these calls 4. But he’s getting exhausted - which is not surprising to me at all, and why I always resisted the digital model as it always balloons into something much bigger, and more complicated, than what’s necessary or that people even can keep up with consuming 5. He digs what I do with a print newsletter, and wants to switch to my model 6. This is totally different from what he currently does, of course 7. He wanted to know how to wrap his head around all the logistics, pitfalls, and indecision about whether this is even necessarily a good idea for his business or not. 8. Other than doing market research by talking to current members, how could I determine whether this is the right business decision for my membership? I think that just about covers what he was asking. Now, I’ve been selling subscription offers for a long, long time. I’d written ads for clients selling continuity since at least 2008, where I learned a lot just by observation and seeing how one in particular handled his (which was a newsletter + supplement combo offer). Then, my own first subscription offer was in 2009. That one lasted a grand total of one month because I despised and was already bored by the interview-of-the-month (mailed transcript plus CD with mp3) format with free book as premium to new subscribers. So a few months later I launched my first subscription print newsletter. It was called The Crypto Marketing Newsletter. It lasted 30 issues before I killed it off, as it was way too generalized. So generalized I could only charge so much for it, and that meant the profit margin was really small, plus it never really got more than 120 or so paid subscribers. Towards the last year of its existence I simultaneously launched and started selling Email Players newsletter, which has been a huge hit that not a single one of my copycats has come even close to being as successful as, probably in part because they didn’t really understand the logistical side. Sure seem that way, at least, by what some of their customers have told me. About 5 years later: I launched another wildly successful subscription offer where I turned my podcast (the Antipreneur Show) into a paid membership site. This was before mobile app tech was a thing anyone knew about outside of gamers, etc, where nowadays I’d have run it all through that. But due to it being website based, and the nightmares of dealing with people who are incapable of reading and following instructions were emailing me personally for their passwords, etc, because they were joining with email addresses they never checked, etc, and ignored the support email and phone number they were supposed to contact. We put nearly 1,000 people into that bad boy before the launch was over. But I figured, if it was that bad with people not following instructions, flippantly asking me directly for support each day (which I was totally incapable of giving, that was not my lane in that deal, but the team’s) at 1,000 members, how bad would it be at 5, 10, 15k members? If ever I was grateful for my print newsletter model it was then. So I nixed it before sending the last couple of launch emails. A few years after that: I got into the SaaS business and launched our Learnistic app which is also a subscription and that was a big success too. A year later, I did the same with our SocialLair platform which, also, is a subscription. And then later that same year, I launched BerserkerMail which is obviously a subscription. Then, most recently, I bought into an existing subscription business (Low Stress Trading). Currently, I directly sell at least 4 subscription offers. And my exact methodology for doing the print model so has been used by people far more successful than myself - including, for example, Email Players subscriber Russell Brunson who has, last I heard, been using what I have taught about this to build out all the Dan Kennedy IP he bought the rights to a few years ago. Anyway, the reason I am nattering on about this? I think it’s safe to say I am at least a little qualified to talk about this topic. And talk about this topic I do - specifically the logistical side of switching from digital to print. This is NOT something I generally recommend anyone do right now. Especially with the volatile shipping costs and shipping company service levels - which are not that great since covid. Even FedEx has become a hit or miss production each month. Frankly, if I was starting over I would not even do a print model. I’d run everything through a mobile app. Like, for example, what Email Players subscriber Daniel Throssell wisely does with our Learnistic service. Still, there are some people who I do think can still pull print off. And the Email Players subscriber who asked the question is one of those people. And I show you my advice to him about this inside the December Email Players issue exactly “as is” (exactly what I told him), plus some other stuff I didn’t. There are definitely some tricky things to know. And they are revealed inside. However, tomorrow’s the deadline to get on this in time. You can read more about what it teaches in the P.S. below. Or, to subscribe now, while you still can in time, go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. More about what you’ll learn inside the December Email Players issue: * Unusual tips for creating your first digital product when you’re not sure what to sell, not sure if anyone will want what you sell, or not sure if your ideas are even likely to sell. * The trick to positioning your brand as a trusted authority worthy of listening to & buying from right from the get-go. * A quickie, “idiot’s guide” to creating a marketing funnel if you’re not sure what to do, where to begin, or who to listen to. * How one-man-band businesses can stand out even as the “AI email avalanche” continues to create more and more noise and inbox clutter. * The ingenious Gene Schwartz trick (based on neurophysiology research of his day) for turning stray brain farts into world class headlines, subject lines, story lines, bullets/fascinations, even entire offers. * What email copywriters who insist on using generative so-called AI should know about Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail and other inbox services. * The shrewd creativity trick I’ve been using for over 20 years to generate nearly unlimited profitable ideas for emails, sales copy, books, newsletters, and marketing campaigns across multiple businesses. * A surprisingly effective headline-writing technique (used by writers of the New York Post and other popular rags) you can watch in a popular Bugs Bunny cartoon on YouTube. * Advice to struggling copywriters that can help you almost immediately extract more joy (and profit) from your work. * An insanely profitable (but definitely NOT easy to pull off) secret found in Robert Greene’s “33 Strategies of War” for potentially making more sales in a few months than you probably would in 10+ years otherwise. (I’ve done this 3 times. And while I can say it worked to almost spooky degree, it can also literally take years off your life if you’re easily stressed, rattled by uncertainty, or burned out.) * A strange - but true - way to “leap frog” over the time, frustration, & uncertainty phase of creating high-priced offers that can potentially sell like hotcakes to your list. * A bizarre method (taught by the late A-list actor Steve McQueen towards the end of his life) for having almost supernatural levels productivity. * How to become so “emotionally one” with your prospects that you can know almost exactly what they want to buy with potentially near-pinpoint precision. (And without having to twist around with endless pre-testing, surveys, or even asking them.) * The “mask of influence” secret (perfect for hardcore introverts) used by Johnny Carson to help him become one of the richest & most celebrated brands of his day. * Some raw and unfiltered thoughts about how to build equity in a solo business. (Including how I approach doing it in my own company.) * What you absolutely must do first (assuming you don’t want to lose a ton of customers, at least) to safely convert a digital membership model into a print newsletter model like mine. * What to do if your email copywriting game is tight but your promos keep flopping left and right. * A “switch” you can flip in your brain that can help protect yourself from withering burnout. * What I’m teaching my own flesh-and-blood son about how to have as consistently high physical, mental, and creative energy levels as possible. * One thing almost all people who tend to live longer do that almost all people who tend to die early don’t. To subscribe before tomorrow’s deadline go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA