# Why your best customers & clients are bailing on you

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 07 Oct 2025 23:45:28 +0000
**ID:** 199c112866198914
---

A few months ago I wrote an email about an insidious phenomenon called: “Loyalty Fatigue” I learned this from the great Dan Kennedy. And here's what I said in the email as far as how I perceive it: "This is when your best customers/clients/fans/people on your list just up and vanish like a fart in the wind - opting out of your email list, not buying your offers anymore, haunting your competition those customers will even admit to you they know are full of shyt and nowhere near as good as what your business sells but they go to them anyway... including customers you see do this who continue to benefit from whatever it is you teach or sell to them." To which Email Players subscriber and seasoned retailer Ray Kahn replied: “No loyalty at all in retail, niche specialty market. We have clients buying high end kit from another dealer and asking us for support on it. Sheesh! Buying Mickey Mouse accessories from us like a $25 usb interface cable.” Many can relate. Maybe even you can? If not, don’t worry, you will. It’s just a matter of time if you’re doing things right, at least. Admittedly it probably does not really happen much to anyone who runs a businesses via milquetoast or lukewarm marketing - as such businesses probably don’t have loyal customers (or seething jealous enemies) to begin with. As I told Ray: I think that is the way it's going to be for the near future and beyond. The world is changing rapidly since 2020 when hordes of new people started businesses online especially, flooding it with bull shyt and having zero concern for quality or service. All of which was only accelerated by so-called AI. But I doubt many of them will last though. We all know a big crash is coming, and superior Experience & service will be the coin of the realm once again over the dopamine/adrenaline click bait machine all the algorithms favor to turn on the normies. If not? If it only gets worse? Well, as I was telling Ray, that’s why we do our Low Stress Trading (which he uses as well). Which bring me to the righteous rub: If you want to use that change, and not be overrun by it? I suggest at least looking into our Low Stress Trading methodology. It can be one helluva “hedge” against all the above. And if you find this intriguing, then I got two links for you: Link #1: Is to sign up for tomorrow’s next live, free training on how Low Stress Trading works in “real time”, where I’ll be grilling Troy Broussard (who created it over 40,000 trades now) on what his trading framework looks like, see his bare nekid account, and ask questions, hold his feet to the fire, even outright badger him to prove he’s telling you the truth (you will be doing him a bonafide favor if you do - he WANTS you to try to stump him). Here’s that link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/options Tomorrow’s live training is at: 5:00 EDT / 4:00 CDT / 3:00 MDT / 2:00 PDT. If you end up buying the offer, use RefCode SETTLE to get a special bonus: Your pick of any ONE book listed in the P.S. below. It also has pertinent deadline and instructions for how to claim it. NOTE: This is the LAST time I will be selling Low Stress Trading with this free book offer at the current pricing. Next time you see me promote this the price will have doubled. So if you’re on the fence, keep that in mind. If you want to pay more later, that’s fine by us, of course. But giving you a heads up here that it will double. Link #2: Is to the Low Stress Trading TrustPilot reviews. I cannot legally vouch for any of the claims there, of course. And many are so surreal the three attorneys we hire tell us we can’t really use them as-is in our marketing, but you can read them independently on that site: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/lst/trust Not a fan of putting links to more than one site in an email. But it’s important you make an informed purchase not just for your sake, but because we don’t want people to just “buy” Low Stress Trading, we want people who are bought in to it. Finally: See the P.S. below for the bonus book list and deadline to claim it. Ben Settle P.S. To get a free copy of any one of the books below as a bonus you must: (1) buy Low Stress Trading via RefCode SETTLE at the checkout and (2) let me know which book from the list below BY the 10/10/25 at midnight EDT deadline. If you send me your book pick AFTER that it will be ignored. I hate “tail” in marketing in all its evil forms. So either let me know your book pick by the deadline or no book for you. Here is the list of books to choose from: * ParaSELL Universe * Markauteur * elBenbo Press * Affiliate Launch Copynomicon * Copy Slacker * List Swell * Email Client Horde * Social Lair * Copy Troll * Infotainment Jackpot * Brand Barbarian * Breakneck Content * NOfluence * Copy Salesliloquies * Count of Content To read more about a specific book below, Google is your friend. Again, to qualify for your free book you must (1) buy Low Stress Trading with RefCode SETTLE and (2) let me know your book pick BY the Friday 10/10/25 deadline. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA