# the futility of chasing email open rates

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 04 May 2025 14:44:53 +0000
**ID:** 1969bc34e8fb373c
---

An Email Players subscriber (name withheld by request) once reported: === An ESP told us that if your open rate is around 20% (and below), that’s pretty dangerous for your list. Ideally you want it to be greater than 30%. Even close to 30% opens isn’t that great. I can understand if you’re getting single digit opens because that may indicate some issues with deliverability but we still have a high domain rep and great deliverability even though our opens usually hover around the 20% mark for our broadcast emails. We’re still getting sales, with some emails even making $1,000+. One of our automations is also at around 20-30% opens and yet, we’ve already made over $35,000 in sales since the beginning of the year for that automation. Apparently we should still get our opens up though according to this ESP because less than 30% is less than stellar. 😆 . . . seems like a waste of time trying to get your opens to 30%+ like they mentioned. So much easier to just mail more and write better emails people want to read like you’ve been talking about. Since our list has grown, opens have dropped from about 30% to 20%-ish on average. But sales have remained consistent despite the drop. Thought that was interesting. And yup! Feel free to use it. (Please leave out my name though.) === It’s always amusing watching email goo-roos pound their chests about open rates. They’re a soft metric at best getting more and more irrelevant by the day it seems. Email clients — especially the ones that care about privacy like Protonmail, Startmail, etc — brag about how hard they make it. Other ISPs do as well. And if one of my long time colleagues up in this business is to be believed, the way Gmail isolates images makes it out of whack even with the Creepy Line guys over there. I don’t particularly care if people track them one way or the other. BerserkerMail does by default, for example. It's how we can tell who the potential problem accounts (spammers, etc) are. So even I won't say they are totally useless. But two quick stories about tracking opens: 1. Back when we launched BerserkerMail I decided to use my own business as an example of the irrelevance of opens as anything other than to keep tabs on the overall health of your list. i.e., obviously if they drop to near 0%, then something is rotten in Denmark — either with tracking or deliverability or who knows and so they can be useful. Anyway: So I looked at the prior couple months of opens and sales. Just my product sales. Not even counting affiliate sales, licensing royalties, or my software company sales. Just my own books, offers, through my cart at the time. The opens during that 6 weeks: 13%. Ooh. The sales? $217k. Again, just my own offers through my cart. I don’t remember what all the affiliate offer sales, SaaS sales, royalties, etc were. But I suspect it was close to $250k or higher. You think I gave a flying rat’s boo-tang what the “oPEnzzzz!” were? Hell no. And when I went to the bank to deposit all that, the teller didn’t give a flying rat’s boo-tang either.. Story #2: In 2015 I attended a mastermind full of email marketers. Not just freelancers or guys who teach email. But a lot of heavy hitters — especially in the health space — who do email. At least one or two had email lists over a million opt-ins strong. And while a good 10% of the room was Email Players subscribers as I recall, which was great, what was also great was how many of these email marketers (not goo-roos, btw, not even teachers of it from what I could tell, just business owners who live and die by email) MOCKED the idea of caring about open rates at all as anything other than a way to keep tabs on the overall health of their lists. Do whatever you want with that info. Total yards is great in football, but what matters is the numbers on the scoreboard. In my way of thinking, if email is the sport, sales are the scoreboard. If you want to check out our BerserkerMail platform to help get your scores up, go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/berserker Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA