# How trolling saved Lizzo’s life

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 20 Dec 2025 13:45:25 +0000
**ID:** 19b3c033d03e5c4c
---

This won’t win me any points with the so-called “body positivity” crowd. But, really, who cares what those psychopaths think anyway? Whatever the case: I’ve been keeping up on a lot of celebrity drama over the years, as direct marketers have long done. And one celebrity I want to mention is Lizzo who has lost a lot of weight. And I'm convinced it was NOT sending Lizzo airy fairy “good thoughts” or “positive vibes” that got her to start getting healthy and showing everyone her progress along the way. If anything, she had some fans mad at her for daring to lose fat! Some of Adel’s more insane fans did the same to her - viciously attacking her for getting in shape. And with Lizzo I argue what ultimately has extended her life & qualify of life was good, old fashioned... Trolling! Yes, a lot of it was no doubt very nasty, very mean, even very cruel trolling. But I would also bet the biggest peanut buster parfait in the Land of Dairy Queen from those 1980's commercials that it was that trolling that pissed her off enough to change. And, I would further argue it was trolling that could end up being something that not only prolongs her life, but also prolongs her career, her time with her family & friends, and her health and future successes. Not to mention inspiring others in her fanbase to make changes too. Fight this all you want, argue with it all you want, hamster-spin it all you want. But nothing motivates like revenge. Revenge ain’t a dish best served cold, it’s a dish best served TROLLED. And that is why I believe one reason Lizzo did it was to get revenge on her trolls or just shut them up. It’s not the most honorable or society-approved or Facebook-worthy of motivations. But it is one of the best, most reliable, and most likely to succeed motivations you can tap into. Some very profitable ad campaigns for weight loss have had strong revenge angles. I have a bunch of them in my swipe file. And getting back at cheating ex-husbands, etc is a common theme. All of which brings me to the jiggle: When you use my troll monetization ways you too can tap into this phenomenon to make sales. In fact, I use Lizzo as one of many examples of the benefits of using what I call "Upstairs Trolling" in my new Troll Profitear book. I believe, as a result of being trolled, she is playing a part (size big or size small, doesn’t matter) in America not being so obese and sick amongst her fans watching. It’s all only fun & games until someone has a limb amputated due to high blood sugar or is found dead, ham sandwich in hand, in their 20s. It’s a dominoes effect: And Upstairs Trolling like I teach inside Troll Profitear can not only help your business make lots more sales… but once in a while you might even make a real change in someone’s life for the better. I exaggerate not with this either. For example: I have had some truly nasty, snarky, self-loathing trolls over the years. Sometimes I will Upstairs Troll one of these dorklords, make sales from them, put their emotionally damaged comments on display using the approach I teach inside Troll Profitear… and they will become a customer, get their acts together, stop their self-loathing ways (trolls are at heart self-loathing, that is why they troll), and in a very few cases even thank me. A few have even become some of the most loyal customers I have. Just salt of the earth guys, which is proof people can and do change. That does not happen all the time or with most. But it can be one of many benefits of learning what’s inside Troll Profitear. As far as the details about the book still on sale until tomorrow night: If you get it during this weekend’s launch, I will also send you an extremely valuable bonus book that is more inspirational & positive, that should get any nasty taste out of your mind lingering as a result of reading about monetizing trolls (which can go to some dark places, as you will see should you read Troll Profitear). This bonus book I will send you is called: “The Zoe Tapes” This 266-page book is primarily made up of the transcripts of 60 videos I shot some years ago while walking the beach with my late dog Zoe, teaching some of the best, most valuable, and (in some cases) immediately profitable marketing/copywriting secrets I’ve ever taught and used in my own businesses. I do not sell this bonus book on its own anywhere else for any price. You can only get it free as a bonus by purchasing Troll Profitear before the deadline. You can get Troll Profitear at a special launch price + the Zoe Tape by doing this: 1. Go to the URL below 2. Read the letter carefully so you make an informed purchase 3. Use code GRUNT at the checkout (where it says “Add Referral Code”) by tomorrow, Sunday December 21 at midnight EST Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/trolltears Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA