# The magic of insanity

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 11 Sep 2025 00:15:25 +0000
**ID:** 199362249ea32572
---

“Insanity is wasting your life as a nothing when you have the blood of a killer flowing in your veins. Insanity is being shit on, beat down, coasting through life in a miserable existence when you have a caged lion locked inside and a key to release it.” - Sloan “Wanted” Behold the definition of “insanity” people like to quote on the internet: “Doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results.” Incorrect. If anything, it’s the exact polar opposite: Insanity is NOT doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. Let me ’splain my “madness” here: I cannot speak for anyone else, but I’ve found stubborn repetition - especially when you don’t see immediate results - essential to succeeding in almost everything. For example, things like… 1. Repetition of learning Like consuming the best books & trainings 10 times, minimum. It’s one of the big “secrets” to learning something not only relatively quickly - but at a much deeper level than your lazy, social media-addled competition ever will. 2. Repetition of following up Even in 2025 there are still people who think it’s nuts to write a daily email. But I have yet to see anyone who does it correctly not explode their long-term sales, build a much stronger brand with top marketplace positioning, and create a far more solid and ever-expanding business. Doesn’t take a sane man to know one email sent one time will get less results than 1,000 emails sent consistently, one email per day, every day, over time… 3. Repetition of good habits Imagine eating just ONE good meal or exercising just ONE time and expecting to feel and look great. Maybe I should be bound in a straitjacket for my ravings. But, to me that would truly be kooky… 4. Repetition of doing what works Lots of marketers get bored of their own ads, or of selling the same product that consistently outsells other products, and then wonder, “What happened to the sales?” Example: one of my customers once told me he had a client do this. They were making so many sales they got a… a… a…. “oh noes!” a few complaints. So the client begged him to stop the campaign that was working so well. Maybe it’s just me, but that doesn’t sound “right in the head.” 5. Repetition of words When you repeat certain words in your ads, speeches, videos, etc, in a very specific way, you’ll find people have a very, very hard time not listening. And no… there’s nothing “voodoo” going on. But, if you read great speeches, ads and other persuasive messages, there’s a certain repetition of thought at work that draws people in and focuses the mind. 6. Repetition of attitude Even a lunatic would agree having a strong mindset helps you better cope with life’s curve balls whizzing at your head. Imagine the insanity of not keeping a strong attitude just because it didn’t “work” the first time. 7. Repetition of action A lot of success is just showing up - ready to work. Of course, if you only show up to work on your business one day per year, because, you know, that last time didn’t produce any sales… I think we’d have to call the men in white coats on you. The point of all this madness: There’s power in repetition. And of doing the same things over and over. Which is why, in the “asylum” I call my mind, it’s the popular definition of insanity that’s really insane. More: This goes quadruple for my book BizWorld. It’s an introduction to World-Building in business, which is a topic I’ve been publicly teaching & writing about for nearly 12 years, and long before anyone else I am aware of was teaching, must less doing, it. It’s got a lot of repetition in it, too. In fact, there is one Amazon review even complains about it like it's a flaw and not a feature. There is a lot of repetition inside by design. And it is even warned about in the description for those sane enough to want to make an informed purchase. For those who just madly click, buy, complain... I'd recommend passing on this. It won't do you any good, and you'll just be wasting your money. For everyone else? You can read more about BizWorld here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/bizworld Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA