# The "dirty milk" brand test

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 28 Oct 2025 01:45:06 +0000
**ID:** 19a287f4bf940170
---

A question about branding from an Email Players subscriber splashes in: == In [my best-selling “Brand Barbarian” book] you talk about passing the “dirty milk test.” When it comes to teaching more commoditized topics where the fundamentals are largely the same, how do you teach it without sounding like anyone else and without looking like a copycat? For context, I’m looking at ways to teach personal finance, but I don’t want to look like some Dave Ramsey copycat even though 80%+ of what I could teach would be the same fundamental concepts. == A strange fact about that book: I was shown a while back a guy running around who named his own business after my book’s title. I suppose that could be a freak coincidence. Especially if he named his business, and I have no idea either way, as such at the same time (or before) I published my book. Otherwise? If he DID read that book then named his business after its title? He totally missed the point of the book and what the title means. Very ironic. As that’s the whole point of my Dirty Milk Test: In as far as you can control it, you never want to make anything you do look, feel, sound, smell, or taste like anything else you compete against or are even “adjacent” to in your market/industry/niche/product category. And, even more ideally, any businesses not in your market/industry/niche/product category. Differentiation, polarity, and contrast are the keys to the whole branding game. Anyway, back to his question: I answer it, in detail, inside the November Email Players issue. I suspect there will be 1 of 2 reactions to my answer: 1. Excitement Specifically, at what’s possible when seen how to do just as he is asking - and that I have been doing for over 20 years, across multiple business ventures, including not only my own book & newsletter company, but also the SaaS and Options trading company I have ownership in, too, plus various other JV’s and businesses I’ve co-owned (the diet niche, etc) 2. Boredom I can already see someone (who is new to my world who read it) thinking: “That’s it?” To which my reply is, Yes, that is “it.” When the Email Players subscriber who I answered on this saw it, in a totally oversaturated market where everyone gives everything away free, or that can be found on a free Google search, he fell in the Excitement camp. Will you? Well, I don’t know. First, you have to be subscribed in time to get the November issue. Then, you have to actually read it, and read it with understanding. And finally, you have to apply it, which takes lots of work. Can’t prompt it with so-called AI, either. That will just do the opposite of what you want and make you must another idiot poser in a sea of other idiot posers in your niche/marketing/product category, totally invisible and ignorable, just like the other idiots who can’t think or solve even very simple problems without consulting so-called AI to draw upon the collective ideas of... the pure average. If you want to be average, I ain’t your guy. And neither is the November Email Players issue. To read more about it, see the P.S. below. To subscribe while you still have a little time left to do so, go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s a “sneak preview” of what’s inside the November Email Players issue: * Exactly what I’d do to rapidly build & grow an email list today if starting from scratch. * A totally manipulative social dominance technique used by an infamous WW2 Supreme Commander to get what you want from people without having to say a single word. (Use on your clients, and watch what happens!) * What to offer your list if you want to monetize it but don’t yet have anything to sell or plug. * The dark, twisted, even outright demonic reason (Gary Halbert unearthed back in the 70’s or 80’s but hardly anyone knows about today) why so many people are fat. * Advice for protecting your IP from being used to “train” so-called AI with. * A clever way to use the mute button on a phone, zoom, or other call to generate insanely profitable headlines, subject lines, stories, bullets, and themes for your ads & emails. * A surprisingly fun & effective way to profit from bum marketers copying your emails. * 9 ways to make totally commoditized content & topics sound sexy, exciting, and even new. * How to “outwit” software that flags actual human content as “AI” content. * An old school accountant trick for pre-writing your emails 2, 3, 4, even 6 months out. * How to turn being dirt broke into a powerful asset and advantage in your business. * The Gene Schwartz prophecies: his eerie warning for copywriters using and/or relying upon so-called AI he predicted decades ago - before even the internet itself! * How to “summon” like a genie from a jug all the energy & excitement you need to sell in markets that bore you to death. (Example: I used this trick “on” myself in the female weight loss niche that I hated selling to... and converted over 40% of the opt-in list to buyers. That wasn’t a function of “copywriting” as much as using this technique inside.) * A neat little trick for knowing if you’ve really done have enough research or not for your copywriting projects. * Ways to potentially “side step” rotten economies, disruptive technology (like so-called AI), and even weird left turns in laws/rules/regulations and seize marketshare while everyone else is panicking. * An instant tip off to know if a goo-roo or so-called influencer you’re tempted to spend money with is full of crap or not. * A powerful technique (discovered by one of the wealthiest self-improvement authors who ever lived) for banishing indecision when you’re not getting the results you want, and don’t know who to trust or where to turn. * What the late, great Gary Halbert warned about with using so-called AI to write sales copy way back in 1995! * How to be the “Netflix” of your list/audience/market - where YOU be their self-medication... (not some podcast or TikTok channel)... where YOU be their entertainment (not TV or movies)... And where YOU be the one they “tune” into each day (not news sites or social media). * How to get far less resistance from clients constantly questioning everything you do or always fighting you on even so much as testing your ideas. * An ingenious little “cheat sheet” (I’ve used for years) for keeping yourself committed, focused, & disciplined when you have a thousand things/people/forces beyond your control always trying to distract you. * A simple strategy (I learned from the great A-list copywriter Bob Bly years ago) for quickly “sizing up” clients to determine if they’ll be a nightmare or a joy to work with. * My “if you’re gonna be stupid, you might as well be smart about it” advice to marketers who insist on selling so-called AI tools & offers. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA