# A potential 6-figure business plan in 261 words

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 07 Aug 2025 14:45:24 +0000
**ID:** 19884ff72d50e4f2
---

One reason to do insane numbers of steps each day (even as many as 10+ miles)… is you are almost certain to experience a rush of new ideas at some point during it. So many ideas, so fast, it’s hard to get them all down. No prompting or “brainstorming” with AI required. Just your own brain, your own experiences, your own emotions, your own dreams, your own nightmares, your own thought patterns, your own childhood memories, and other nuances you can only get internally and from your own vast, and I’d argue limitless, subconscious bank of thoughts. Anyway, to the point: Many years back while on one of these walks, I got a stray idea out of nowhere that I reckon anyone - raw, “wriggling” newbie or seasoned pro - can use to potentially: 1. Create a subscription/continuity content-based offer you can "tack" on to your business or begin a whole new business venture altogether 2. Be able to possiby eventually turn it into a 6-figure income stream over time, assuming you can build & curate a quality email list, learn your market, write your own sales copy, have patience, think for yourself without requiring hand holding, and aren’t afraid to mail aggressively for your business 3. Run that business in probably less than an hour per day I will also add: If I didn’t already have my current publishing business, and if I wan’t also actively involved in multiple other SaaS offers, Low Stress Trading (both doing it and helping sell it), not to mention building out my fiction publishing, I’d be adding this to my business portfolio myself. But, that doesn’t mean you can’t. Best part: The entire business plan is explained in just 261 words on pages 61-62 in my "Breakneck Content" book that you can still get at a 20% discount until tomorrow, Friday 8/8 at midnight EDT. To hop on this deal do this: 1. Buy it before tomorrow’s deadline at the link below 2. Use code FAST at the checkout (where it says "add referral code") 3. Make sure you see the price change before entering your credit card info Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/breakneck Ben Settle P.S. This book is very small, very short, and very expensive. If you judge information by weight & volume then it’ll be a gigantic waste of money for you. It’s simple, “meat & potatoes” info I’ve used to pump out enormous amounts of content quickly over the last couple decades. However, it requires both thinking & ambition to use. And if you need hand-holding, coddling, or so-called AI then you should probably pass on buying it. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA