# The story behind the most profitable headline I ever wrote

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 30 Aug 2025 01:15:22 +0000
**ID:** 198f88c8e61f022d
---

Let me tell you a story about a “sleepy” headline probably nobody thought would work. A headline that not only did work… but the client used it as his space advertising around the internet - including on big news sites (that cost a fortune to advertise on) like Drudge, WND, NewsMax, etc. He simply used the headline verbatim (tweaking maybe a word or two at most) along with an animated image and a call to action. That ad ran for a couple years, give or take I think, from what I remember. And, it presumably made the client a lot of sales, and they were already a huge business. I have no problem saying the ad with the headline is one of the most profitable ads in the history of the niche - not so much because of “me”, but the client was the biggest business in that niche at that time, with nobody coming close, getting something like 10,000 people to his opt-in page each day, and all his offers dialed in tight. But, he tested me against three of his ads. Each, from what I remember, pulled close in response. And he hired me to try to beat them. Thus, the ad I am referring to which did so handily. Anyway, the headline is NOT some crazy “how to kill a man with his own entrails” kind of headline that was popular - especially back then. I don’t think I even looked at any other self defense niche ads at all. And the reason for that is not because I thought my pewp didn’t stink, but because the client’s research (based on 10,000 of his customers) done by the Nielsen company (that does TV ratings) showed the biggest part of the market was not reading Blackbelt Magazine, and probably didn’t know the difference between kung fu and kung pao chicken. I bring this up because the headline was NOT based on claims. Or benefits. Or even proof, credibility, or any of the usual suspects. I did something quite different with this one. And, in some ways, took quite a chance in as much if it won, I knew it’d win big. But if it lost, it’d lose big, and I’d be out quite a bit of time, not make myself a very good candidate to be hired for future ads, and have to go back to more boring niches. Well, it did work. And the client hired me to rewrite ALL his ads after that. And I believe the big differentiator was... the headline. The rest of the ad I rewrote was good too, I suppose, although I think the client was a better copywriter than I was. What I had was the research, an obsession with the market, and motivated to do a kick ass job (pun totally intended). I also analyze this headline up in the September Email Players issue. I show a bunch of others I wrote for this client, too. There are many lessons, insights, and profitable tips inside this issue. And you can read them in the P.S. below. To subscribe while there’s still time before the deadline go ye here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s a juicy taste of what’s inside the September issue: * Sneaky psychological tactics I used to write the headline for one of the single most profitable sales letters ever run in the history of the self defense niche. * A headline secret used by the billionaire newspaper tycoon William Randolph Hearst (that John Caples also secretly used, too) that can help you exponentially amp up your ad or email readership, response, and, if you have a good offer... sales. * An ingenious way (used by certain, very savvy public speakers to seize a large room full of peoples’ attention) to write headlines for getting people to “lean in” to read your sales pitches. * An old timey day copywriter’s trick for pre-testing your headline’s power without showing it to anyone, without getting any critiques, and without guessing, wondering, or agonizing over it. * A surprisingly profitable headline technique from the movie “Citizen Kane” that can help even a rank amateur write headlines that stand out from anything else their prospect is being distracted by. * The headline trick of a kooky old newspaper space ad genius (who once got jailed for his writing!) for making your ads stand out head & shoulders from practically anything else on the internet, the inbox, social media, or anywhere else. * An example of how to write “bad ass” headlines - where prospects literally might think, “what a bad ass!” and have a hard time not reading the rest of your copy just to see what it’s about. (This won’t lend itself to every ad you write, and your milage may vary - but every time I do it never seems to fail.) * The strange (but 100% proven) secret for getting a higher response to your ads... by deliberately NOT going through the product or using the service you’re selling. (I doubt even a single copywriting “guru” will approve of this - but I have done it many times, including in a recent direct mail test that got exceptionally hight response.) * Two “stealth” emotions (most copywriters don’t even realize ARE emotions... they’ve been so brainwashed by horse shyt) to wrench on in your headlines, subject lines, and content titles to help nab higher response & sales. * The best (and totally free) place I’ve ever used to get genuinely useful copywriting critiques. * A red flag that can help you almost instantly know if a chest-pounding copywriting goo-roo you want to learn or buy from is just talking out of his arse. * A word-for-word email one of my all-time favorite copywriters (who has gotten “fan mail” from guys like Dan Kennedy and Gary Bencivenga, if that tells you something) sent me about how to knock out headlines that can double, triple, maybe even quadruple your response. (I DEFY anyone - newbie or seasoned pro - to read what he said and not write far more profitable headlines the very first time you use it.) * Psychological “triggers” that can help make it almost neurologically impossible to ignore your headlines - even when competing against 1,000+ other click-bait headlines fighting for your prospect’s attention. . * The shrewd “anti-NLP” headline secret (used by both David Ogilvy and Gary Halbert) for helping you get near instant focus from prospects reading your ads or emails. * How Mel Martin (the “King of Fascinations” whose alter many of the best A-list direct mail copywriters who ever lived have worshipped at) penned some of the most insanely profitable headlines in copywriting history - and often without using promises, claims, benefits, or any silly “click-bait”-like appeals. * NON-legal advice (let the record show, Your Honor) for health offer copywriters who want to write headlines that work like gangbusters while also helping keep your ads off Big Brother’s radar. * A clever way to use Facebook to help you see if a headline idea has any “legs” without spending any money or running any ads on there. * One of simplest and most effective “pattern interrupts” you can use in advertising headlines right now. (Not just sales letter headlines, but email subject lines, article titles, book titles, and more.) * How to shut the yap of the Doubting Thomas in every prospect’s brain - who’s whispering in his ear, trying to determine if he should read the rest of your ad or not. * What I learned about writing headlines after a short (and private - not recorded) conversation with one of the greatest A-list copywriters who ever lived. * The “feral” headline secret that can help make plain vanilla offers sound more exciting and exotic. * A neat little trick you can use in your headlines that is nearly guaranteed to get more attention & possibly response - even from prospect’s who would otherwise ignore you! (This “thing” can also work wonders in other parts of your ads and emails, too - especially in subject lines, stories, offers, CTA’s, and bullets.) * Three words used in a LOT of sales copy and emails these days (I even have to catch and stop myself from using them at times) that are like “fed bait.” (I had to pay several thousand dollars in fees to an attorney to learn this bit I share inside.) Here’s the link to subscribe to the paid Email Players newsletter before the deadline: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA