# A free "folk horror" marketing lesson

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 26 Jul 2025 23:44:51 +0000
**ID:** 1984921027652172
---

Earlier this month, I taught this lesson to Email Players subscribers: === [Folk horror] is the best and most enduring kind of storytelling. Think Spider-Man: bullied nerd gets bit by radioactive spider. Or The Lion, The Witch, And The Wardrobe: ordinary little girl walks into wardrobe and finds herself in a magical land with talking animals. Or truly legendary ads like Charles Atlas’ “The Insult That Made A Man Out Of Mac” ad: deathly skinny, “girl repellant” teen gets humiliated at beach, orders book that lets him kick the bully’s ass and get the girl. Or nearly every Gary Halbert or John Carlton ad in weight loss, golf, self defense, finance, etc: fat woman goes literally insane with worry and doubt about husband leaving her then gets report and is skinny, happy, has her man back… and “old, out-of-shape, pain-ridden golfer hobbles up to the tee and whacks it 500 yards straight down the middle winning bets and having all his friends beg him for how he does it.” And so on, and so forth. These are not merely “ads”, they’re solid examples of… Folklore! === It then defined what folklore - and more specifically folk HORROR - is: “When the prosaic meets the uncanny” This is one of the big secrets to engaging & profitale direct marketing that is so obvious, so in-your-face, so utterly effective... hardly everyone misses it. Or, if they do use it, they do it on accident, and wield it like a drunken clown. But you can see it everywhere in many of the great ads and sales letters and story-driven direct response ads. It’s also something I put in many of my direct response designs. Like book covers, SaaS graphics & logos, even opt-in pages, sales pages, websites, etc. Sometimes it’s obvious, sometimes it’s not-so-obvious. But this idea of the prosaic meets the uncanny is there - the proverbial strand of “DNA” that runs through my business’ entire universe of offers, products, emails, sales letters, training, comicbook-style ads, talks I give, interviews I grant, and on and on and on it goes. More: It’s also a strand of DNA that runs through the direct response designs analyzed up in the hallowed pages of the milestone 14-year anniversary Email Players issue next month. A lot of people think they can just shart out some idiotic “AI” designs and be taken seriously, when really people knows its fake. More and more copywriters & marketers foolishly think their job is to “think” now, and not work. And it shows in their faux AI-spewed designs. You can see it a mile away. And there is a reason everyone BUT marketers makes fun of it, avoids it, literally goes out of their way to mock it and say how they want anything to do with it - even if it’s functionally correct, looks cool, and has stolen from the brilliance of others. Fools gold and cubic zirconia “look” fine at a glance. They may even fool the layman. But once people find out they ain’t real they avoid it, and want nothing to do with it. Something that is obvious to those who "brainstorm" with their market instead of with fapGPT. So it is with so-called AI designed goop. The “Bro! AI is here to stay!” guys will disagree. But nobody I cater to is likely to care what they think, as they desperately try to out-honk each other like clowns in social media comments, beg for prompts, had have literally no idea what they are doing, or how silly their marketing is. Not to mention how much so-called AI-generated all looks, feels, sounds, smells, and tastes the same (failing the “dirty milk” test I write about in my Brand Barbarian book - that has changed how many of my customers have learned to stand out in overheated markets full of competition.) But back to folk horror: Almost all my book covers and other business/marketing designs do that. They also do a lot of other things - psychologically - that wrench on a reader/viewer’s subconscious, that can help make the overall experience of buying more interesting and even fun that I talk about throughout the August Email Players issue where I analyze many of them. This is the milestone 14-year anniversary issue of Email Players. And so I have decided to also include a 60+ page valuable bonus: “Email Players Annual #4: After School Special” This oversized (literally - in both size and page count) Annual issue bonus exists outside the normal continuity of the newsletter. And I wrote it to commemorate the newsletter’s 14-year anniversary. And it’s written as a long letter “to” Willis in case I up and join the choir invisible before he comes of age to teach it it to him - with all the most important business, marketing, money/finance, health, and relationship info I want him to know. I spent more time on this than I have some of my full-length books. I won’t say this is the “best” writing I’ve ever done but it’s certainly the most important. You can read more about it in the PS below if you want. Otherwise - the deadline to get in on time is when I send the list to the printer soon. After that? Too late. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com NOTE: I do NOT ship to Indonesia, China, India, Ukraine, Russia, the Philippines, Thailand, Japan, or Africa. Current Email Players subscribers are “Grandfathered” in, of course. Ben Settle P.S. Here’s some of the info inside the bonus Email Players Annual #4: After School Special I am gifting to Email Players subscribers next month: * How throwing away your sunglasses can be almost like working bona fide miracles on your hormones, energy levels, and mood. * The despised “political prophet” who predicted exactly what the U.S. is experiencing today over 30 years ago… and what he said you can expect to happen in the coming months, years, and decades. * What the “Godfather of personal branding” himself taught about how even rank amateurs can seize the lion’s share of money, engagement, and response in business. * The “anti-attraction” reason why even a lot of rich men who won the genetic lottery in looks are alone, rejected, depressed, even suicidal. * A small “twist” a lot of podcasters (big and small) can put on their funnels that would probably as much as double or even triple their revenue over time if they’re open-minded enough to try it. * How to rid yourself of crippling neediness for women you like that only gives them the so-called “ick” now. * The next best thing to honest-to-goodness “truth serum” for knowing exactly what a woman is thinking, feeling, or plotting no matter how brilliantly she hides her true intentions! * An ancient business secret (found in an old story about the wizard Merlin) that small businesses can use to beat the pants off competitors with better pricing, budget size, sales copy, offers, list quality, brand/name recognition, marketplace positioning, credentials, positioning, influence, audience size, or even value. * Advice from a wise pastor about finding cash flow for something you desperately need without resorting to loans, debt, or having to owe any man anything. * Why one of the best ways for a man to be more successful with women is to try to help them get back together with their ex-boyfriends. * The secret technique I’ve been using for years that can potentially help almost anyone in business go from 0- to 4-figures, 4- to 5-figures, 5- to 6-figures, and, yes, 6- to 7-figures in sales. All right, so be it. If you want in on time for the milestone 14-year anniversary Email Players issue plus a free copy of Email Players Annual #4: After School Special then scroll back up to the URL, note the list of banned countries, and follow the instructions while you still can. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA