# You can't fix FOMO, but you can profit from it

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 07 Jul 2025 15:45:26 +0000
**ID:** 197e5907b0994b2f
---

Some good news for those depressed about so-called AI: I have no solution for any clients and/or “agencies” who think they can save money by training so-called AI to write better, more responsive, and effective copy than a human can. Other than, perhaps, to hire someone in the emerging cottage industry the BBC just reported on, of businesses being paid to clean up mistakes so-called AI is creating. Not a surprise to anyone who hasn’t been mainlining the so-called AI kool-aid. But you can’t fix FOMO & typical online marketer follow-the-follower mentality. You just gotta ride it out like sane people had to during the fake pandemic: i.e., waiting for the normies to realize masks & jabs were dangerous, the people pushing them evil incarnate, and the results potentially very deadly - all while obediently chanting the corporate Narrative pushed by people getting filthy rich off it all in unison, even as the rest of us had to patiently wait for society to get its head out of its collective arse. So it is for freelancers dealing with clients worshipping at the altar of cheap so-called AI. In the meantime? Do what you should have been doing all along anyway: Be your own client, working on your own projects, selling your own offers, and growing your own list... working your own business into your own “rotation” of clients. Especially if you enjoy the process of writing copy, have no desire to futz around with so-called AI, and realize the shovel sellers during the gold rush phases of any new tech are almost all full of shyt, and mostly exist to fleece you with FOMO. There’s absolutely nothing new about this phenomenon. But with your business’ own projects, you can do whatever you want. Use whatever tools you want. Spend as much or as little time as you want. And you get to keep all the money your ads earn. Anyway, you get the picture. Enter my Client-less Copywriter program AWAI sells. It’s on sale today at a fat discount. And it’s the exact framework I used to go from being a freelance copywriter smooching client booty to being my own client, running my own show, and having a helluva lot more fun & being able to write the copy I want... versus being forced to filter everything through a committee of chuckleheads who all contradicted each other, screwed up the copy, then thought they could point the finger at me if something went wrong by following their own inane notes. I can only imagine how frustrating this is now during the so-called AI gold rush. Whatever the case: Client-less Copywriter is on sale today. And you can read more about it right here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/clientless Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA