# C.S. Lewis’ secret to converting skeptics into zealot-like buyers

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 07 Jun 2025 02:15:16 +0000
**ID:** 197482bd62a34ef5
---

One of the more intriguing biographies I once read is called: “The Narnian: The Life and Imagination of C. S. Lewis” C.S. Lewis was known to be an especially great debater - both when he was an atheist, then as a pagan, and later on when he became a Christian, creating some of the most influential Christian writings ever published. As a religious man, he often debated atheists and pagans. And, he often “won” these debates. Yes, from what I've read, even according to the atheists & pagans he bested in these debates, who were simply no match for C.S. Lewis’s debating skills. He was revered for his ability at such things far and wide by everyone except… himself. Here’s what I mean: One thing he admitted was, the more he “won” these debates, the more his own faith suffered, and the more he began to doubt his own beliefs. This is a little-known psychological “bug” in the human brain. It can effect everyone to some degree. And this is especially true in direct response copywriting. Yes, Reepicheep, it’s true: It’s why so much otherwise persuasive sales copy fails - because it tries to “convince” rather than influence. There is a very distinct difference between these two things that is lost on, I would guess, 99% of business people who do any kind of direct response selling in any media. Yes, writing copy that “convinces” works on the hyper buyers who buy everything. They are, after all, looking for reasons to believe. But in my experience it can turn off the skeptics - who make up 2-5 times more people than the hyper buyers - looking for reasons NOT to believe. And the reason why it turns off the skeptics is because copy and offers that try to convince, instead of influence, always comes off as Needy. As if the copywriter doesn’t fully believe everything he is writing, even if he does. Saw this up close and personal over the last couple of years in "real time." Specifically, with the mass corporate media & world governments' push to convince (not influence), bully, and even outright threaten people to take the fake vaks via bureaucratic bullying, social pressure, threats to livelihoods, suppression of civil rights, idiotic celebrity virtue signaling propaganda, and even violence sanctioned by the state in some parts of the world. It instantly made the skeptics even more skeptical. The big pharma exec fan fiction used to push it especially sounded phoned in. i.e., the media stories of fictional dying patients lamenting "if only I'd gotten it...!" The bull shyt was piled so high you needed a space shuttle to stay above it. Anyway, this is also an insidious copywriting problem for legit products that actually work and do as they are described, too. And nobody seems to ever address it. But now that you know about it, you can adjust your copy as needed. Don't know how to do that? A good start would be to read my newest offer: “Email Players Annual #3: Copywriting Conversations With God” It’s an oversized (in physical size and word count) 68-page issue that exists outside the continuity of the main issues - and contains some of my favorite copywriting & marketing tips inside the Bible. It’s also something I’m making available for sale to the masses today, along with an extremely valuable bonus (see the PS below) until Sunday 6/8 at midnight EDT. More: The Bible is full of examples of how skeptics, scoffers, unbelievers were converted. And I cover ways I find useful in business inside. Plus, if you get it by the Sunday 6/8 at midnight EDT deadline I will also give you access (via the free Learnistic mobile app - so you will need a smart phone or iPad to access it) to an extremely valuable bonus called “The Stefania Files: Vol 5” that you can read more about in the P.S. below. For more on this go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/convo Ben Settle P.S. As for the bonus, it’s called: "The Stefania Files: Vol 5” These are three “back room”-style candid - and at times heated & antagonistic - conversations between Stefania and me about copywriting, marketing, email, and business. It is all raw, with nothing held back - the kind of talks we have privately when nobody is around, except I pushed record on my phone and let 'em rip this time. (NOTE: You will need a smart phone or iPad to access this bonus - see below for details.) A few of the tips inside include: * How to get people at masterminds to ignore everyone else’s books they want to give the room and only want to take your book home with them (while leaving everyone else’s books for hotel housekeeping to throw out.) * How to trick people into helping you (for free) not only happily do your market research for you… but also pre-test your advertising for you, too. * Why more and more supplement marketers are realizing they can nab higher sales by NOT offering auto-ship subscriptions. (If you sell supplements on auto-ship, test doing this instead, and see what happens.) * A headline template (I learned from Gary Halbert many years ago) that mentions zero benefits... yet is like a “nuclear option” for seizing engagement when all else fails. * A secret way to grow your email list without even sending any extra traffic to it. * A totally “passive” way to get peers, colleagues, customers, clients, and others who like your content to pay for the privilege of helping drive traffic & leads to your site! * The “magic number” pricing secret that can work like crazy if you sell to scatter brained leads and customers with fruit fly-like attention spans. * How to (ethically) manipulate the neurological connections in your customers’ brains to help pre-sell your future offers you have not even created yet. (Believe it or not, this was something the late Earl Nightingale used to teach, and it is almost unbelievably profitable if you do it right.) * How to use ghost stories in your content (especially if you sell courses) to keep engagement and consumption as high as possible. * An old timey day mail order millionaire trick for creating advertising with the highest chance of selling. (Mail order guys approached copywriting totally different from today’s spoiled online generation - there was no cheap testing, and if they got it wrong a lot of them went bankrupt. * But if they got it right, which many did using this trick, they could potentially become millionaires with just one ad.) And that’s just for starters. You can read more of what’s inside at the link. Also, very important: You’ll need a smart phone or iPad to access this bonus. So keep that in mind before buying this offer if you want this bonus. Here’s the link again: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/convo This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA