# The billion dollar Bible prophecy racket

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 09 Jun 2025 02:30:01 +0000
**ID:** 1975287ce97e444e
---

One of my favorite Biblical scholars is the late Michael Heiser. Especially his bit: “if something in the Bible is weird, it’s important.” You can apply that to many-a-topic, discipline, etc, including marketing/copywriting. As far as copywriting and marketing go: He made a comment in an interview many years ago (around 2008 or 2009, I think, maybe even earlier), about Bible prophecy, that I have been aggressively using in my copywriting and marketing ever since. In fact, for those who like to read & study my bullets/fascinations you can partially thank what Heiser said in that interview. It radically changed the way I approach writing them. Right up there in influence on me with great copywriters like Mel Martin, Halbert, etc. Now, I don’t have any hard numbers. But, I will hazard a guess that, because of the phenomenon he talked about with Bible prophecy, probably billions of dollars have been generated collectively selling Bible prophecy-related books, audios, videos, seminars, to churches that love talking about it, and even using it to predict certain investments, as I've seen a couple people do a few rare times. Not to mention all the tithing that goes towards churches that focus on prophecy. Some of it an obvious racket, some of it high quality, but lots of money is generated. And, one of the main reasons (if not the main reason) so much dough has been thrown at these things is not only human nature wanting to know the future and the persuasive power of curiosity… but because of what Dr. Heiser said in that interview about the topic that I had never thought of before that, but now I can’t “not” see it in all great advertising, copywriting, selling. I talk at length about this beginning on page 42 inside: “Email Players Annual #3: Copywriting Conversations With God” I originally gifted it to Email Players subscribers last August (to celebrate the newsletter’s 13-year anniversary). And it’s an oversized (in physical size and word count) 68-page issue that exists outside the continuity of the main issues - and contains some of my favorite copywriting & marketing tips inside the Bible. It’s also something I’m making available for sale to the masses, along with an extremely valuable bonus (see the PS below) until tonight, Sunday 6/8 at midnight EDT. Anyway, you can learn more about it here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/convo Ben Settle P.S. As for the bonus, it’s called: "The Stefania Files: Vol 5” A few of the tips inside include: * The “magic number” pricing secret that can work like crazy if you sell to scatter brained leads and customers with fruit fly-like attention spans. * How to (ethically) manipulate the neurological connections in your customers’ brains to help pre-sell your future offers you have not even created yet. (Believe it or not, this was something the late Earl Nightingale used to teach, and it is almost unbelievably profitable if you do it right.) * How to use ghost stories in your content (especially if you sell courses) to keep engagement and consumption as high as possible. * An old timey day mail order millionaire trick for creating advertising with the highest chance of selling. (Mail order guys approached copywriting totally different from today’s spoiled online generation - there was no cheap testing, and if they got it wrong a lot of them went bankrupt. But if they got it right, which many did using this trick, they could potentially become millionaires with just one ad.) * What to do when closing copywriting clients that can make it far more likely they will test your ads without bogging you down with a bunch of stupid changes and “notes.” * How I got one of my highest paying clients without having to show him my portfolio or any samples. (In fact, he contacted me with the full intention of already wanting to hire me, and only me, due to this simple thing I did.) * A research secret for rapidly learning a new market to the point where you might even know the people in that market better than their own mothers or spouses do! * A sneaky way to use Big Brother regulations & consumer protection laws to make your sales copy far stronger, far more engaging, and potentially far more profitable. * Why you should probably ignore most “Agora” copywriters who talk about their test results. (Personally, I am more likely to do the opposite of what any of their writers say - and it hasn’t failed me yet.) * A controversial thing Vogue magazine does to make all kinds of extra revenue that most info marketers are terrified of even testing much less doing. And that’s just for starters. You can read more of what’s inside at the link. Also, very important: You’ll need a smart phone or iPad to access this bonus. So keep that in mind before buying this offer if you want this bonus. Here’s the link again: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/convo This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA