# A business plan for those who love writing but hate selling

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 13 Jun 2025 14:45:30 +0000
**ID:** 19769c0db272ef64
---

Following is something for the: “I just want to write content but not sell every day” ...boys & ghouls I’ve heard from over the years. Those who really just don’t like copywriting, marketing, or selling. And for who it’s a “necessary evil” they grit their teeth and do. I could give it some kind of snazzy marketing name. But I prefer to just call it: “The Product-less Business Plan” I have not done it myself. But I suspect it would be ideal for those who love writing, but hate selling. Here goes: 1. Grow email list 2. Pick topic you love writing about 3. Write high quality, passionate, truly valuable 1000+ word article every day to list 4. Put short pitch at end or in the middle or somewhere visible for running ads in your emails to advertise in your daily email (just because you hate selling and marketing, doesn’t mean there ain’t plenty in your niche who’d love nothing more than to sell and market to your list..) 5. Start making deals with potential advertisers who respond 6. Copy & paste an ad that an advertiser already wrote & paid you for in each daily email 7. Enjoy life This is certainly nothing "new." But probably it is way too simple for most. Especially those who want something complicated, with multi-step funnels, year-long launch campaigns, nurture sequences, upsells, downsells, cross sells, and an endless string of coaches, masterminds, events, and consultations with so-called AI to help them make decisions. But the above is for those who are passionate about a topic they love writing about, want to share that content with people, and be able to charge advertising to marketers in that niche who sell to people in that niche. I don’t know if these numbers below would work out exactly for everyone. But just a thought: Imagine if you had a list of, say, 5,000 opt-ins passionate about the topic. Many who eagerly tune into your musings each day. And with no shortage of people wanting to advertise. Now, imagine you charged, say, $500 to run an ad in each email. Maybe place it somewhere for the diehards to see, but easy for the bums on your list who think you should work for free, toil away for free, and just send them free stuff each and every day like you're Santa Claus to ignore. $500 per day x 30 days = $15k per month. All without you writing any ads, and without really selling a “product.” Totally hypothetical, of course, so take with giant grain of chili pepper. I merely wrote this as a springboard for ideas & what could be possible. All right so that’s something to chew on. And while you’re chewing: If you want to test out the world's only "Email Players approved" email broadcasting/autoresponder platform, co-created by myself & a former Navy nuclear engineer-turned-software developer & world class email automation specialist, see the link below. I believe it'd be great for a business model like the above. More info about BerserkerMail here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/berserker Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA