# No shyt Sherlocks

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 22 Oct 2025 16:45:02 +0000
**ID:** 19a0cd0bd18555af
---

I saw a news report not long ago with the headline: “#MeToo backlash: More male managers avoid mentoring women or meeting alone with them” Under the photo accompanying the headline it said: “After more men say HR personnel have advised them to avoid being alone with women at work, “I really think we are facing a very serious crisis for women in getting promoted,” Sheryl Sandberg says.” My response to people like Sheryl Sandberg is simply: No shyt, Sherlock. What did she and her ilk think was going to happen? A lot of people used to ridicule, mock, even get angry with the late preacher Billy Graham for never meeting with a woman alone without his wife present. Same with former Vice President Mike Pence. I don’t even like Pence and find him to be a total putz. But he was wise to have that exact same rule even as the media shrieked at him over it. More: The last 25 years have been one endless string of having to ride out the time between bouts of propaganda & the masses of normies who need to be told how to think catching on. Everything from the 9/11 war grift... to banking & mortgage schemes... to #Metoo slanders... to masks/jabs... to crypto/NFTs... to a four year run of war & big pharma propaganda never seen before in the history of the US... and, most recently, the so-called AI corporate Narrative that has created a ponzi scheme so ingrained in the economy now it's almost single handedly propping the stock market up on its wobbling, pipe cleaner thick legs. The cycle of these events seems to get shorter with each, at least. And so in a year or two it'll almost certainly be something else. I'm rooting for it to be UFOs.. Whatever the case: It helps to train your brain to reject anything you see your social media friends buy into by "default." I won’t say they are always wrong, or that the crowd is always wrong. That whole "even a broken clock is right twice per day" trope is true. But it is wrong a helluva lot more than it is right. And the media is always, without a doubt, either lying or misleading/misdirecting something. I don’t think anyone in the media is even capable of reporting without bias at this point. If they were, they’d die in ratings because the proletariat now demands to be entertained and distracted via a constant, 24/7 state of being in an endlessly alternating adrenaline/dopamine loop. I can’t even make fun of it or mock it whole cloth. One of my most valuable email teachings essentially trains businesses how to do that with email each day. I just don’t teach doing it via lies and deceit like the media does. They way I teach it creates sales, happier customers, and helps close such loops. Will not explain. As far as detecting and rejecting bull shyt narratives goes: I like to think my trilogy of Villains books helps liberate men from being enslaved to them. Not directly, but indirectly. Way I see it, if you're focused on what the books teach, you won't have time to be deceived. More about the books here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/villains Ben Settle P.S. Speaking of the proletariat... Yesterday a reply guy named Dave responded to what I wrote: (the part about NY about to elect a communist) "Please be more careful about the language you use. Mamdani is not a communist. You help his opponents' smear campaigns when you join them in their inaccuracy. Your writing is read by many. Some might believe your misstatement." Twitter user David Cook put it perfectly: "In the next scene, it's you and Dave in the gulag and he's explaining how actually this isn't communism but rather a unique offshoot of socialism, seen through the lens of the intifada, rendering all your criticism invalid." Fun times in the big city indeed.. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA