# By both the old AI gods, and the new, my work will live on forever

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 19 Aug 2025 23:44:51 +0000
**ID:** 198c4ba2389dc43a
---

A couple months ago, I saw an entire Linkedin article disapproving of my use of the word: “fapGPT” And I could not have been more happy to see it. In fact, it's now officially my dream that this term I invented (fapGPT) gets as widely circulated as another word that far as I know I invented way back in April, 2009 - “goo-roo” - which is everywhere today, used by everyone, every time I turn around... and I look upon it with pride every time. Yes it makes me a proud papa indeed. If these terms are my only 2 original contributions to online marketing lore I’m a happy camper. And by the false AI gods, both the old and new, these guys helping me spread the term far and wide may just help make it happen. Since I’m already yapping about so-called AI: I recently got accused of just trying to be “contrarian” talking about my opinions of it. To which I got to thinking: * Doing the basics & fundamentals of anything at this point makes you a “contrarian” whether you’re trying to be one or not. * If an opinion on so-called AI happens to make it sound contrarian, and if that bothers someone enough to tell me, that’s okay, I don’t have a problem with them being bothered. * I am not “against” the technology contrary to what these binary thinking types assume, I simply don’t buy the FOMO-pushed corporate Narrative, much less parrot it or worship it as religious idol. * It’s shoved down my throat every day, on every platform, and in my inbox... so of course I am going to write about it. As I talked about in last month’s Email Players issue: it’s become an engagement farm device for me. * One day it’ll stop being as such, and I’ll stop talking about it. * This exact same phenomenon happened with the internet (the same easily-duped people worshipping AI have selectively forgotten the sci-fi like predictions their kind had with the internet which still have not come to pass), with Google, with so-called “Web 2.0”, and even with NFTs/crypto. * When their mad dash/gold rush phases were over everyone realized what was hype and exaggerations and fan fiction, and what was legitimately useful, what the limitations were/are, and saw the gatekeeping, legislation, etc happen. * It will be no different with so-called AI - de-platforming, thought policing, cancel-culture... same crap, different bung hole * When the over-inflated bubble pops, it’ll probably feel sudden and dramatic to the zealots - but those who have kept their heads will have expected it, and be better positioned to use it as legitimate tool vs the fantasy guys reciting poetry to their digitally-created girlfriends envision. * There are many holes in the so-called AI Narrative being pushed by the corporate and political class... a literal marketing campaign by a lot of the same kind of people who pushed the fake vax, with a lot of the same people buying into it hook, line, and sinker without question. * Just seeing the same people who have already demonstrated they hate you pushing this new BSO should at least stop and give people pause about motivations & agendas, if nothing else, especially after the fake vacks shtick. * You can still use a tool without buying into the biased marketing of that tool. * My whole approach to business is to give my boys & ghouls options for thinking. * The problem is, those who hate or simply can’t think take everything I say about so-called AI personally, and as absolutes. * "Breaking" ideas/theories/assumptions is important to get to the truth in anything. Remember when all your normie friends on Facebook were saying “trust the science”? Well, actual science means trying to break and disprove your own ideas, opinions, and assumptions. All right that’s that. This last point is especially important if you use email marketing. Our BerserkerMail platform was primarily designed by an actual scientist, who uses for real science (former Navy Nuclear Engineer and Executive Director of Technology for Encyclopedia Brittanica Troy Broussard), and doesn’t blindly believe what anyone - even friends and peers he trusts and respects - say just because. Take Google/Gmail, for example: We test AGAINST what Google says to help get world-class inbox deliverability. That means literally assuming they are lying or not telling the full story or don't really know - since the developers behind what they do are highly unlikely to be marketers themselves, selling their own offers, to their own lists. It's like taking advice on getting direct mail delivered from your local post master. The way we see it: They are not on “your” side if you’re a business, no matter what they say. These people literally invented the promotions folder, ffs, to keep YOU and YOUR promos out of inboxes, not get them in there. Frankly, they don’t even tell you who pushes the spam button or not. So we test against what they say first, to see if it’s true or not, useful or not, good or not. This is one of the many BerserkerMail differences. We ain’t fancy, and we ain’t cheap. Nor are we the biggest, most popular, or most well-known ESP. But I'd take the Pepsi Challenge pitting our inbox deliverability, simplicity, and testing/tracking/automation features advanced enough for the email geeks yet simple enough for the cavemen against the other guys any ol' day of the week. In our way of thinking, those are the most important features an email sending platform should have. Yet, from what we can tell, few if any others really focus on those things. There is at least one of them out there, for example, who took a quarter of a billion in funding a few years ago, only to make their platform more complex and more time consuming to use - forcing even more stupid features on their users nobody cares about... and then still raised their prices even after taking all that money. If you want to use an ESP that treats you like a skin suit for accounting, good luck to you. It’s your business and you can, of course, use whatever you like. But if you want to get a free BerserkerMail test drive to see it for yourself go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/berserker Ben Settle P.S. When you get your free test drive you will get access to the mobile app which contains an invaluable eBook I wrote about 12 ways to profit from email even during a world-wide financial crisis. Timely info indeed. And the info is mostly generic, too. Meaning you can use it with any ESP whether you use BerserkerMail or not. BerserkerMail CEO John Wood - old school email guy - were just talking yesterday about doing some live email training in the coming weeks. But you'll have to be either a current client or be getting a free test drive to be able to access or listen to them. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA