# Secrets of the most appallingly profitable preachers who ever lived

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 07 Nov 2025 01:45:29 +0000
**ID:** 19a5bfd8d4d2d148
---

Let’s talk about religion: There are few people more universally despised (fair or not - deserves got nothin' to do with it) than the so-called prosperity preachers, mega church evangelists, and fake faith healers. Or, really, any church that rakes in big amounts of money. Even the less flamboyant wealthy preachers like Obama’s guy Jeremiah Wright. Or, even the late Pastor Arnold Murray, who built the single biggest independent church on the planet (going by sheer number of people watching via satellite out of a converted roller rink in a small Arkansas town, to some 20 million homes per day) fit this bill. Although he was despised for different reasons than money. These guys are either revered or reviled. Frankly, you could say the same about Jesus Christ Himself. Started with 12, now is the single most influential brand on the planet. And love ‘em or hate ‘em, those “brands” all attracted/still attract lots of wealth. And there are lots of reasons why. One of the main reasons: Probably summed up best in an article Dan Kennedy once talked about from the New Yorker about a guy aptly named “Reverend Dollar.” He was a black prosperity preacher who was butchered by the media for owning two Rolls-Royces, a private jet, and millions in real estate bought and paid for from the generous donations of his flock. Now this was back in 2012 and he retracted a lot of his views on tithing apparently. But the church was doing literally $80 million per year. Without any real “product” delivered and with people happily paying him. But here’s the righteous punchline Dan quoted from the New Yorker: “While Dollar's loyal followers love his outsized personality, unsuspecting viewers who chance upon his paid programs on BET are just as likely to be appalled.” Which was Dan’s point: At the 5 or 6-figures level nobody really cares enough about you to be appalled. They will mostly probably even cheer you on. But once you breach the 7-figures and beyond you will appall people. It's like a weird switch that gets flipped. Doesn’t matter how phony or how legit you are. Doesn’t matter if you’re a quack or giving away the cure to some horrible disease. You WILL appall some, and magnetically attract others. Even Fred Rogers (i.e., Mister Rogers) experienced this. This guy was the biggest advocate for children and the most-beloved guy probably of the 20th century. He could have been as big as Disney if he’d wanted, but he purposely lived a very frugal lifestyle, drove an old car, lived in a modest home, never flashed his wealth to anyone. Even socialist bum politicians always shrieking like scared little girls about "tHe rICH!!!" loved him. And yet, there were still some in the media who went after him hard saying he was a pedo, etc. These idiots assumed there HAD to be something going on with him for no other reason than he was wealthy and beloved by so many. Stefania's mom even assumed the same about me at first telling her early on: "He must be up to SOMETHING!" And so it goes. The bigger you get, the more nasty the trolls are. They can’t even help themselves. It’s not unlike in the book of 1 Samuel when David slew Goliath, and the women started singing songs about how David killed tens of thousands and King Saul only killed 1,000s. Yeesh. That spirit of jealousy kicked in and he wanted David dead, even though David only wanted to serve Saul and be loyal to him. Such is humanity. Those are just a few of my favorite examples. Anyway, I don’t know where else I’m going with this. But if you find this interesting, I have a short bit on this subject inside my elBenbo’s Bargain Bin of Bonuses 4 offer for sale until tomorrow night. Specifically, in the “Swipestream Vol 1” part, where I talk about an old TV preacher’s secret to getting listeners to send him lots of money literally on command. His fans behaved almost like trained seals. Personally, I never cared much for the guy. But I can’t argue with how well this ballsy method for raising funds worked. And I suspect most could ethically adapt it. As for the specifics of elBenbo’s Bargain Bin of Bonuses 4: This offer consists of a big pile of bonuses I’ve offered during various launches, sales, or affiliate campaigns that, collectively, would have meant putting out some $2,000+ to buy and/or be subscribed to all the products/subscription offers associated with said bonuses. But, you can access all these bonuses for a mere... $20. That is, until tomorrow, Friday (11/7) at midnight EST. Anyway, here are the details if’n this interests you: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/bb4 NOTE: You'll need a smart phone or iPad to access the content. No exceptions. And it’ll have to be newer than when Steve Jobs still walked the earth. Ben Settle P.S. If you already have my mobile app be sure to order with the SAME email address you use to access the app now. If you don’t have my free mobile app, follow the simple instructions for downloading & accessing it you will get by email after ordering. If you have any questions from there let me know. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA