# The biz opp crackpipe

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 28 May 2025 12:40:08 +0000
**ID:** 19716e85d411e19e
---

More lessons in using direct mail to grow an email opt-in list: When we did our Low Stress Trading direct mail oversized postcard campaign to grow the email list, we were shown some details about the five lists (best, most responsive lists for our kind of offer) and, also, the direct mail pieces that worked extremely well to those lists. All of which I completely ignored except one. In fact, I did the exact, polar opposite of what they did. Why? Was it to be some kind of “rebel”? Or to be contrarian or wannabe edgelord just for the sake of it? No. My reasons were much more practical and far less dramatic. You see, the main reason is, those “winning” test pieces sounded like utter bull shyt. And, frankly, WERE bull shyt. At least, that is, to anyone not toking on the biz opp crack pipe. The biz opp leads on these lists were NOT the kind of leads we wanted anything to do with. They are the same people, or at least kissing, inbred cousins to each other, as the online marketing AI dope heads. If you think I exaggerate realize this: Our three attorneys helping us stay compliant (a former SEC agent, a former FTC agent, and direct marketing law specialist - Email Players subscriber Mike Young) - who would have probably fired us as clients if we did what those “winning” pieces did. So I steered clear of doing what they did for that alone. But, even if I didn’t care about such things, I still would have gone with the headlines, story, CTA, guarantee, body copy, formats, etc I chose for our two tests: all of which were designed to TURN OFF the very kinds of leads that would be attracted like flies to pewp those winning pieces no doubt attract. Yes, we’d have gotten way more leads and opt-ins. But they’d have been the wrong kind. The kind we could not help even if we wanted to or had the patience to try (we don’t)... the kind that respond to and buy into the most inane claims and think they'll be filthy wealthy without having to do anything... the kind that are not looking for a legitimate way to trade or invest... but a biz opp. The big financial newsletter mailers know this, I am told. In at least one case I was told about, it's even mandated to write financial offers like they're biz opp. With all the predatory selling, upselling, etc that goes with it. That's the problem with obsessing over “response” for response sake. Seth Godin’s bit on if you let your business be dictated only by A/B split-testing you eventually end up selling porno is as accurate as it is amusing. You see a lot of once-great marketers fall into that trap. Think Kevin Trudeau. Or, for a more direct marketing-specific example, Jeff Paul. The former went from doing some of the best infomercials ever made (Mega Memory, Mega Math, Straight Shootin’ Golf - all masterpieces, brilliant salesmanship, high quality offers, well worth finding and studying) to some weird stuff with half naked women sitting around. The latter went from selling offers about making money in your underwear to using bubbly hot chicks, too. Certain politicians do the same thing, if you’re paying attention. Most recently Nancy Mace and her “I’m going to show my naked body!” to bring awareness to abuse. Even the Babylon Bee had to make fun of that one, “Nancy Mace Says She'll Release As Much Naked Footage Of Herself As It Takes To Fight Exploitation Of Women” You can’t make this stuff up. But you can see it with a lot of marketing these days. Anyway, back to the tests: We did not target the spittle-on-the-carpet biz opp crack pipe tokers the ads we were shown “worked!” on, and went the opposite direction. In fact, I was told what I did would NOT work and, specifically, for example: “the prospect doesn’t care about Troy’s credentials.” My mind reels at such assumptions. It’s simply not true. Unless, of course, you’re selling to biz opp addicts. In that case, the advice was correct, and to be fair that's what the ads were shown were going for. But, also in that case: That’s how you end up with the worst kind of customer/lead/prospect - who wastes your time, does nothing, maybe becomes a one-time “buyer” but not a long term, repeat “customer” (as the great Ken McCarthy differentiates: buyers buy, customers make it a “custom” to keep buying, huge difference). This is why I believe copywriters - no matter what a client/peer/goo-roos says - should never, ever, for the love of God Almighty... listen to anyone but the part of the market you want as customers FIRST. Don’t listen to me or any one else before that. I don’t care how high up the goo-roo totem pole someone is insist otherwise: Proof, credibility, belief are everything. Far more important than bowling people over with outrageous claims they have seen in 100+ other ads. Claims are cheap and easy, proof & credibility are rare and valuable. This is Gary Bencivenga (universally considered the world’s greatest living copywriter) 101 and that has never once steered me wrong. If anything, it's helped me avoid a lot of mistakes. Gene Schwartz said the same thing in the 60’s about belief: One BELIEVED claim is better than 100 half believed claims. And so it went, that was the approach I took. Especially since it was my money on the line. (I fronted the costs to test everything out of my own pocket.) The result? Well, you be the judge: The winning piece got 5x the average industry response for direct mail according to Email Players subscriber Kia Arian (she designed the postcards), and the loser got a little over 3% the average response. Both did exceptionally well for driving opt-ins. But, in the winner’s case, it got 300 or so LESS unique clicks but with MORE overall opt-in conversions than the losing one. It’s almost like this curation thing works or something. As you can see, I have a lot to say on this subject. But as far as the purely copywriting side of things: I do that in great detail in the June Email Players issue. I show you both tests, and then proceed to analyze, word-for-word and precept-upon-precept, the winning piece, dissecting it bit by bit, showing every thought, every psychological insight, ever copywriting technique/tactic, the social engineering, the headline approach, the body copy and CTA and guarantee laid out for you to see, model, learn from, adapt to your own ads. The deadline in almost upon you though if you want in. You can read more specifics of what’s inside in the P.S. down yonder. Otherwise? Subscribe here while there’s still some time left: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s a sneak preview of what impatiently awaits you inside the June issue: * A secret taught by the late, great Jim Rutz (one of the top 3 copywriters, easy, of his day) about how to write to leads in the finance space that can help get both higher response and better customers. * Why so many old school direct mail guys are online and don’t really do much cold direct mail themselves anymore. * A nuanced look at what I believe is the perfect copywriting “tone” for selling to super jaded and skeptical markets where people are (literally, this is what goes through their head) looking at every sentence you write and thinking, “this is bull shit” and looking for reasons to delete, click away, or (if direct mail) toss you out. * Speaking of guarantees: How to cover your arse from getting overrun with fraudulent refunders who love to buy and frivolously refund. * A real life example of how to use “social engineering” on the sneak in your calls to action for higher response and better quality customers. * An ingenious writing secret (found in popular old detective novels) that can help make your blatant selling ads feel like content. * A sneaky way to “pre-test” an ad to help know if it’s going to win or bomb before spending any time or money running it. * How deliberately including a “pinch” (just a pinch!) of outright psychopathy can help create, build, and grow a business in the diet niche. (NOTE: discernment and being able to read between the lines is required if you’re going to use this bit of knowledge I learned from an old Gary Halbert diet promotion campaign.) * What the great A-list copywriter Doug D’Anna recently taught me (on a live call) about what is perhaps the #1 body copy secret for turning ice cold leads into red hot sales. * A clever way to use a prospect’s own mailbox to help drive up response and sales if you use direct mail. * Probably the #1 most profitable copywriting technique I have ever learned that helped even my early “mid” level sales copy pull like crazy - including when competing against far better copywriters. (This technique haunts nearly every ad and email I write - including in THIS email you’re reading as I use it “on you.” Details on page 16 inside.) * A little-known trick (I learned directly from one of the best publicity experts who ever lived) for writing tighter, stronger, and more responsive sales copy. * A word-for-word email I sent a business partner explaining exactly how to grow a strong and ever-growing customer/client base. (Including during times like now where most businesses are hemorrhaging sales & customers left & right with no end insight!) * A real life case study in how writing a “Hail Mary pass” ad (that clients will hate and you’ll probably have trouble even getting tested) can blast your response far higher than playing it safe. * A stupid, amateur, and all-too-common landing page mistake that can kill your direct mail campaign response. (Yes, I, your ever-humble daily narrator made this idiotic blunder in a recent direct mail test to drive opt-ins to a web page... and even though we still did exceptionally well, we could have gotten probably 5-10x MORE response had I not had my head up my arse about this.) * A secret way (copy chiefs will almost certainly despise - so don’t expect anyone to cheer you on if you do it) for copywriters to use LOSING ads and sales letters in their swipe files to write winners that break sales & response records. * A ridiculously responsive headline template invented by the late, brilliant copywriter Gene Schwartz that I have yet to see fail. (It can also work as a template for writing your sales pitch openers, too, if you struggle with those.) * How to “soften” big, crazy claims & benefits (assuming they are true) so they are far more believable and far less likely to set off someone’s “bull shit” detector. * How to write sales copy in a way where the reader is more likely to think “this guy can’t be lying” as he reads it. (Doesn’t guarantee he will buy or respond, but it should at least get you a fair reading and chance to sell him if you do it right.) * How to use the ancient “law of the jungle” in your ads & emails to potentially want to buy what you’re selling even if they originally had no interest in what you’re writing about. * A secret used by history’s greatest military generals (Napoleon and Alexander the Great especially especially advocated this) for winning war campaigns you can also use to win more copywriting, email, and other marketing campaigns. (Gene Schwartz advocated doing this in copywriting as well, and so have many other A-list copywriters I’ve studied. With all of them retiring it’s almost like a lost art now.) * The “butt clench” test to know if you are pushing hard enough with your guarantees. * Advice I got straight from the world’s greatest direct mail strategist that can help you sell to ice cold leads who have no idea who you are with no real reason to listen to a word you say. * The Phil Donahue daytime talk show secret to profiting from boring “I like the color of the product packaging” type testimonials that don’t really say anything useful. (This won’t work for all testimonials, but if you can use it with even ONE of them, you will likely see a dramatic rise in response.) * A reverse psychology copywriting technique that can potentially help get even the most jaded & skeptical leads, prospects, and customers to chase you instead of you chasing them. * An admitted twisted secret I recently used for getting far higher response to a direct mail campaign (I suspect it might also work online, probably, although I admittedly have yet to test it. Anyway, do what you want with this info, I am merely showing you what I did to get 5x the average direct mail response.) * How creating a “double readership path” in your sales copy can potentially destroy your sales and response. (This flies in the face of a lot of copywriting books - but like all rules it can and, sometimes should, be broken. See page 20.) To subscribe today go to this URL: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA