# How to sizzle-up million dollar product names

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 15 Aug 2025 14:45:27 +0000
**ID:** 198ae316484a8c84
---

An amusing fact: Napoleon Hill’s original title for his mega-bestselling book “Think And Grow Rich” was… “Use Your Noodle To Win More Boodle” Yeesh. Almost painful to read. Yet that book is one of the best-selling books of all time. But, do you think it would have sold as much with that original title “Use Your Noodle To Win More Boodle”? Even with the exact same content inside? Who knows? But personally, I seriously doubt it. Such is the power of product names: If you write a lame product name or (even worse) swipe/copy/steal/"prompt" someone else’s product name in the same competitive environment because you’re too lazy or too dense to fry up your own name - making yourself look like a hack at best, and a fraud at worst - your sales very likely won’t be anywhere near where they should and could be. I bring this up because: Over the years, I’ve helped certain people cook up million dollar product names. Like, for example, my pal Ray Higdon with his bestselling “3-Minute Expert” program that my ego would like to believe helped it nab at least some of its mega sales, which he suggested as such when introducing me to speak at his branding event some years ago. After that some of his friends asked for my help with naming products. Like my pal Mark Harbert who came to me again after I helped name one of his best-sellers: “…how can I hire you to help me with another title? lol. You made me a lot of money for free last time. My last course which you named ‘The No-Fear Video Marketing System’ was awesome.” To this day, people sometimes ask me for help with product naming. My business partner Troy Broussard asked for my help for his book title about his unique approach to Options trading, growing money, and all-other-things financial. Within minutes of back-and-forthing with him about the concept and vision he had... I blurted out: "Troyonomics" It was no mere brain fart, though. It was from months of discussing it with him, and then applying my product naming/titling methodology that I teach. Anyway here's the point: Because I don’t like to do consulting, and I don't like working for free even more… I decided to explain the 3 “big secrets” I use for doing product names in my book “Markauteur” - which is about how to grow a feening horde of customers & fans inside a visual & design marketing universe they love to buy from and hate to leave. But, one may ask: “What does product naming have to do with design?” The answer: Everything. In my way of thinking, the product name is the verbal part of the design. And the design is the visual part of the product name. Also in my way of thinking: The combo of words in a product name should create a visceral “gut” reaction… which should create an emotion… which should reflect an attitude, value, and, most important of all an identification with you, your brand, your business, and your business’ “World” - where someone thinks “that’s for me!” just by reading those words and looking at that design. That’s a lot of work for a mere 1, or 2, or 3, or 4 or 5 or 10 words. And if you do it right you don’t necessarily even need the “best” product. You don’t necessarily have to sell your offer at the “best” price, either. Frankly, a lower price might even hurt you. And you don’t even have to necessarily be in the top 10 of “best” choices to buy from or hire. Because if you build your product names and designs correctly you can create an atmosphere where the lead, customer, buyer, fan, client, or whoever it is identifies themselves, their purchases, and even their very lives with you, your product, your business, and, yes… your World. Go back to Think & Grow Rich if you need proof of this. And it’s something certain, very savvy creators have known for decades. I suspect the internet & so-called AI have made people so lazy it's become almost a lost art. Which brings me back to my book on sale this weekend: “Markauteur.” I spend a lot of time in this book showing how to potentially come up with product names that get people to want to buy what you’re selling just because it “gets” them in the gut, along with that product’s design, and the World you build. Ain’t none of it theory either. I’ve been using these methods for nearly 25 years. Especially after studying how the late Stan Lee would name his fictional characters and even countries (grown arse men & women still literally look for Black Panther’s Wakanda on a map…), as well as a blatantly “sexist” method Alfred Hitchcock used to name some of his highest-grossing films, and an incredibly powerful tip about this the late advertising genius Leo Burnett (founder of the now worldwide billion dollar ad agency) taught his own in-house writers & designers decades before the internet. If you don't get how powerful a product or service name can be then this book ain't for you. On the other hand: If you do get how powerful a product or service name is… and if you are open to some unconventional ways of doing it… and if you can follow my sometimes fringe instructions… then you can get Markauteur during this weekend’s sale at a fat discount. To get the full details do this: 1. Read every single word at the URL below to make an informed purchase 2. Buy it before tomorrow, Sunday 8/17 at midnight EDT to get it at the discount. 3. Use code POMPOUS at the checkout (where it says "add referral code") (Make sure you see the price change before entering your info) Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/design Ben Settle P.S. Here is what the “founding father” of online marketing as we know it (he is one of the main reasons you are able to sell on the internet at all without selling your soul to Microsoft, the government, IBM, etc) Ken McCarthy says about Markauteur: === This is amazing and unique thinking. Thinking is rare enough. Unique thinking? I just don't see it very often - from any quarter. It's bit like a UFO has landed on my front lawn and I'm trying to figure out what it's made of and how it flies. I wish you could have met Gene Schwartz. He recommended copywriters go to see every movie that grosses over $100 million. He would have loved how far you've gone down the popular entertainment rabbit hole and what gems of insight you've come back with. I put this book in the category of "crazy good". (My highest rating.) === To get the full details do this: 1. Read every single word at the URL below to make an informed purchase 2. Buy it before tomorrow, Sunday 8/17 at midnight EDT to get it at the discount. 3. Use code POMPOUS at the checkout (where it says "add referral code") (Make sure you see the price change before entering your info) Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/design This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA