# A look at my privates inside

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 08 Nov 2025 17:14:22 +0000
**ID:** 19a64773ef7ff628
---

Below is a question about the recent Bargain Bin of Bonuses 4 sale. My customer who asked it makes lots of good observations. And my answers to her questions are like a naked look at my business’ “privates”, that make many of my offers work so well (across multiple businesses - not just this one you see here), and be so well received, in totally obnoxious CAPS below: === Hi Ben, I am an email players subscriber (using a different email address from this) and wanted to share some comments about the “customer experience” I had with this bonus offer. First, I noticed many of the tips you have given out for our own offers: - your offer content sales pages are almost completely bullet points [YES - AND SOON I WILL HAVE AN ENTIRE EMAIL PLAYERS ISSUE DEDICATED TO THIS STYLE OF SALES PAGE WHICH WORKS PHENOMENALLY WELL, AND FAR BETTER THAN THE SLICK, BROKEN UP, BORING, SAAS-STYLE 2025-STYLE PAGES MOST COPYWRITERS FAP TO WITHOUT EVEN KNOWING WHY] - the font is different from what most people use [YES, I REMEMBER A BUDDY ONCE SAYING I WAS “BURNING PEOPLE’S EYES OFF” BY USING SERIFF FONTS ONLINE. HE WAS JUST PARROTING GOO-ROOS. COPYWRITERS ENSLAVED TO SILLY RULES ARE FAR TOO PEDANTIC FOR THEIR OWN GOOD. THEY LITERALLY CANNOT THINK BEYOND 2005 WARRIOR FORUM-LEVEL CHECKLISTS] - the pages are FULL and bright and almost hard to read - so it feels like there is so much “stuff” I would get if I just accept the upsell offer, how could I skip it??? [YES, I OVERLOAD PEOPLE WITH REASONS TO BUY. MANY YEARS AGO I HEARD AN INTERVIEW BETWEEN THE LATE, GREAT, BRILLIANT COPYWRITER CLAYTON MAKEPEACE AND EMAIL PLAYERS SUBSCRIBER AND WORLD’S GREATEST LIVING COPYWRITER GARY BENCIVENGA MOCKING THE IDEA OF HAVING AN ALL-ENCOMPASSING “USP.” I.E. “UNIQUE SELLING PROPOSITION.” WHY NOT FILL YOUR ADS WITH AS MANY USP’S AS YOU CAN? HENCE THE BULLET STYLE SALES PAGE I WILL BE TEACHING IN MINUTE DETAIL IN THE NEAR FUTURE IN EMAIL PLAYERS.] - multiple upsells with a price I ‘couldn’t refuse’ [YES] - the descriptions of the content for each of the bundles are clear and intriguing [I CERTAINLY HOPE THEY ARE...] - no fluff (thank you!) [WHO HAS THE TIME?] - and you build on your buyer’s use of the unique app you have (and I already have some of your other content in) [THE LEARNISTIC MOBILE APP IS CRIMINALLY UNDERRATED AND UNDERUSED. MOSTLY BECAUSE WE HAVE NO ‘ADVOCATE’ RUNNING AROUND MASTERMINDS AND SEMINARS TALKING ABOUT IT. NEITHER TROY BROUSSARD - WHO CREATED AND DESIGNED IT - NOR I HAVE EVER HAD THE INTEREST IN PLAYING THE ONLINE-GOO-ROO-HAUNTING-THE-MASTERMIND-ROOM GAME. PLUS: ONLINE MARKETERS ARE MOSTLY A BIT DULL-WITTED, AND NEED A BIG NAME GOO-ROO TO GIVE THEM PERMISSION TO USE ANY NEW TECHNOLOGY, EVEN THOUGH MOBILE APP TECH HAS BEEN AROUND SINCE 2009 AND DELIVERS CONTENT WHERE THEIR CUSTOMERS ARE ALWAYS AT: ON THEIR PHONES. WE CALL 'EM “PHONE FONDLERS.” PEOPLE TREAT THEIR PHONES LIKE GOLLUM DOES THE ONE RING. THEY ARE ALWAYS CHECKING ON IT, ALWAYS HOLDING IT, ALWAYS MAKING SURE ITS NOT LOST AND IS SAFE. THEY USE IT FORO EVERYTHING, AND TAKE IT EVERYWHERE, AND PANIC IF THEY DON’T REMEMBER WHERE THEY PUT IT. IT’S A LITERAL ADDICTION. AND PEOPLE TAKE THEIR PHONES EVERYWHERE: CAR, GYM, BEDROOM, WALKING, RUNNING, VACATION, RESTAURANTS, THE POST OFFICE, GROCERY STORE, WHEN SHOPPING, POOL, BEACH, HIKING, CYCLING, WORK, COMMUTE, AND, YES, EVEN IN THE BATHROOM AND IN THE SHOWER. THEY AIN'T TOTING THEIR LAPTOPS OR IPADS AROUND LIKE THAT. IF YOU WANT TO BE WHERE YOUR CUSTOMERS AND LEADS ARE, BE IN THEIR PHONES. MEANWHILE: WE PRACTICALLY RUN OUR ENTIRE SOON-TO-BE 8-FIGURE LOW STRESS TRADING BUSINESS THROUGH IT. EMAIL PLAYERS SUBSCRIBER DANIEL THROSSELL RUNS HIS ENTIRE BUSINESS THROUGH IT, AS DO SOME OF MY OTHER CUSTOMERS. I OFFER ACCESS TO MY FREE MOBILE APP VIA LEARNISTIC TO ALL NEW OPT-INS TO MY LIST, TO GET THEM IN, WITH 30+ HOURS OF CONTENT. AND AS YOU CAN SEE, I AM STARTING TO HOST MORE OFFERS INSIDE IT. INCLUDING A BRAND SPANKING NEW COURSE (9-HOURS LONG) IN JANUARY. INCIDENTALLY, LEARNISTIC IS ALSO CLOSED TO NEW CUSTOMERS, UNLESS REQUESTED. LET ME KNOW IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN LEARNISTIC AND I WILL PUT YOU IN TOUCH WITH OUR CEO THE GREAT JOHN WOOD, WHO KNOWS THE APP BETTER THAN ANYONE AND, YES, RUNS HIS OWN SUCCESSFUL BUSINESS THROUGH IT PRIMARILY.] Second, It was a great lesson in how to implement the tips/training/info you give us in your emails and monthly newsletter. So consistent. Such a great example of that flow. [WE AIM TO PLEASE IN SETTLE’S SACRED SALES SANCTUARY..] Third, Very fast and simple delivery of the e-products and invoice. I didn’t have to search around for anything, it was there exactly as promised. And a direct email contact if I had any questions. [YES, I WANT TO GIVE THE KIND OF EXPERIENCE I LIKE TO HAVE BUYING. I DON'T ALWAYS GET IT RIGHT, BUT I DARESAY I DO IT BETTER THAN MOST IN MY SPACE AND AM ALWAYS THINKING OF WAYS TO DO IT BETTER. IN FACT, IN JANUARY EMAIL PLAYERS SUBSCRIBERS WILL HAVE DIRECT MOBILE PHONE ACCESS TO ME WITH QUESTIONS, IN ADDITION TO EMAIL ACCESS THEY ALREADY HAVE, AS AN ATTEMPT TO RAMP UP THE EXPERIENCE OF DOING BUSINESS WITH ME.] Top notch customer service as you teach. [* TIPS EMAIL PLAYERS CAP] Thanks! Looking forward to actually digging into that content. Should keep me busy and out of trouble for a while… If there is anything in this email you would want to share with your readers that’s fine with me, just leave off my last name thanks. Shelley === All right, I probably just said more than I know. I also originally posted this in the Settleheads Facebook group. As it’s an example of the kind of content I post in there. You can join us here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/settleheads Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA