# Troll Profitear book sale

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 18 Dec 2025 13:45:10 +0000
**ID:** 19b31b673b4871fc
---

Today through Sunday (12/21) I am launching my newest book: “Troll Profitear” It's got a whole a bunch of new methods I’ve been using over the last 7+ years since publishing my Copy Troll book (and no, you do NOT need Copy Troll to use this book) to monetize & exploit miserable, self-loathing trolls & slandering reply guys for more sales, engagement, & profits. They literally can become your unofficial marketing & sales department. Anyway, you can read more about it at the link below. But before you do, also realize this: If you get Troll Profitear during this weekend’s launch, and at the special launch discount using the Refcode below, I will also send you an extremely valuable bonus book only a small handful of friends & colleagues & customers possess (that I gifted to them), not for sale anywhere else, at any price. This bonus book is called: “The Zoe Tapes” This 266-page book is primarily made up of the transcripts of 60 videos I shot some years ago while walking the beach with my late dog Zoe, teaching some of the best, most valuable, and (in some cases) immediately profitable marketing/copywriting secrets I’ve ever taught and used in my own businesses. You can read more about what's in both books above at the link below. To grab ye Troll Profitear at the special launch price + The Zoe Tapes by doing this: 1. Go to the URL below 2. Read the letter carefully so you make an informed purchase 3. Use code GRUNT at the checkout (where it says “Add Referral Code”) by Sunday, December 21 at midnight EST Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/trolltears Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA