# Did he use AI to write the copy shilling his AI copywriting webinar?

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 29 Apr 2025 23:44:53 +0000
**ID:** 19683f0a68cb16c8
---

When an "irony writes itself" moment happens, just gotta let it flow: === Hey Ben, I won’t do any name-calling here, but as I’m sure you already know, there is a well-known guru in the copywriting world who is running webinars teaching people how to use AI to basically automate the entirety of copywriting, and he says it’s the quickest path for any beginner to make $10k/month as a freelance copywriter. What are your thoughts on this? Do you think that using AI to write & deliver copy can help beginner copywriters make mooney online quicker? === Admittedly, I have no idea who he’s talking about. I tune out anyone talking about “$10k per month” at this point. But as far as the question goes: Let's just say, I have a sneaking suspicion the $10k per month copywriting goo-roo's webinar pitch was not created with “AI.” Just the way he described it reminds me of when video sales letters (VSLs) were new. I will never forget all the pitches hitting inboxes pitching VSL software that sent us to… A TEXT sales page. Even more amusing: That TEXT sales page headline said something about the “death” of text sales letters. You can’t make this kind of glorious irony up, either. You can only observe it. And, oftentimes, you can only observe it from copywriters. Anyway, that’s my opinion. Speaking of text… the May Email Players issue is all about how I approached writing the tests pieces for a direct mail project last year. They did pretty good, too, for driving traffic to our opt-in page to grow our email list. The winner doing about 5x the industry average according to Email Players subscriber Kia Arian (who designed the pieces) and the loser even did 3x. I show both, of course, in the May issue. And you can learn the approach I took inside as well. Tomorrow's the deadline, though. So if you want in, best give this link a good whack: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here are a few of the tips inside: * Best “sleeper” approach to copywriting for selling to completely trust-broken and severely jaded prospects who think every word you write is horse shyt. * The #1 thing to dig out of your research if you want maximum sales & response that has nothing to do with benefits, claims, stories, turn-of-phrases, or anything you probably see your Facebook friends talking about much less doing. * The “dope head” phenomenon I believe all financial offer copywriters ought to know about. (Or, really, even if you’re not in the financial offer niche. It applies across the board.) * The plain vanilla (and totally boring) copywriting research approach explained in a single paragraph that can potentially let you know your prospects better than their own mothers! (In my experience so-called “AI” cannot even come close to duplicating this, Google searches can’t come close to emulating it, and your swipe file won’t even come close to matching how well doing this works if done right. It’s not “fun” but it is effective, which is why only the hardcore copywriters who read it will probably do it.) * How to make your business a “porcupine” (i.e., an unattractive & even painful target) for Big Brother if you write copy in a highly-regulated industry or niche. * How to give your prospects such an exciting buying experience they potentially almost can’t wait to get their credit card out and buy whatever you’re selling. Subscription info here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA