# at least he's more entertaining than the usual AI geek chorus

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 14 Sep 2025 14:14:57 +0000
**ID:** 19948956010ec966
---

Now we're talkin': === ...I'm that kind of nigga who'd send you his first reply email informing you that I'm bout to blow the bunkers of the internet marketing world and singlehandedly beat all marketing boys and ghouls in the industry with my absolutely smashing success in the coming weeks to promote the Gospel of Christ. I'm a Nigerian Prince. The real deal. No scam. No yawa. I've been a lover of your work and this time I want to work directly with you to create an immortal world. Ever heard of the Emerald tablets of Thoth. The Ancient Egyptian heritage? Of course you have. But I bet you haven't heard of the 12 SENTENCE GOD CODES from the fruits of the TREE OF LIFE for the healing of the nation’s? Encoded in twelve sentences is the complete mental algorithm for immortal consciousness. They correct every broken pattern in the mind — unlocking infinite longevity, limitless cognition, and the power to command matter through thought.” This is the African heritage long lost but is now inherited by his Imminence We're building the first Smart city prototype with superhumans and super intelligent robots and IoT's with a blend of over other 10,000 public and suppressed inventions in Nigeria. I'm contesting for presidency by 2027. Much more like been selected to be the next Nigerian King. Let's draft the world building of a new world order that's the Kingdom of God. And in the days of these kings shall the God of heaven set up a kingdom, which shall never be destroyed: and the kingdom shall not be left to other people, but it shall break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms, and it shall stand for ever. -- Daniel 2:44 The Kingdom is Come by the goodly heritage of the seed of David in the New Jerusalem. Nigeria. I'm the King Priest heralding the New World Order. Oh man! what a complicating way to not complicate things. I could send you a document 18x shorter than a white paper and 100x more fascinating and a completely opposite to the lazy sounding word; boring. I pray you don't think this as scam. Can any good thing come out of Nazareth? I'm holding an auction to patent and trademark this spiritual technology which the Church in Nigeria with networks all over the world will soon announce. You've been granted early access to participate. === Sorry Chief, not my bag. Instead, I prefer talking about stuff like this: The recent “Email Players Annual 4: After School Special” I gifted to Email Players subscribers in August to commemorate the newsletter’s 14-year anniversary was basically a letter to my son Willis, with the most essential things I want him to know about business, marketing, health, & relationships should I up and croak on him early. But the last 14 or so pages had nothing to do with business, etc. Instead, it was all about God. And the Devil & his children. And End Times speculation/preparation. It also went into how to live a more contented life and have peace of mind & self control even when (and I’d argue especially when) life gets so brutally hard & grueling & horrifying it seems everyone in the world has left you or forsaken you. Many have been shown the horror show side of life lately, like innocent girls getting stabbed to death on trains for literally no reason and guys getting their necks shot speaking on college campuses. These events are only going to ramp up more. Best buckle up. Anyway, I bring this up for a few reasons. First reason is, I’ve gotten several testimonials about that bonus Annual issue. Especially about the business, money, and health lessons. But I didn't expect the reactions to the ending 14 pages. Like, for example: “[Email Players Annual #4: After School Special] prompted me to pray after 16 years. I can’t thank you enough. I felt a weird emotional mix of gratitude and guilt. Like coming home to a warm meal.” And this one: “[The Canadian government] caused more damage than I can imagine to this country (that I grew up in and love) in the last 10 years, and it doesn't seem to be coming to an end. It's made me think about leaving Canada for the first time ever and caused (probably undue) stress, so when I got to pages 57 and 58 on the wheat and the tares, I must have re-read it 5 times. I'm not the most religious person in the world but do believe we should learn from it, and I'm taking your piece on leaving the tares alone to heart.” Secondly, I heard from another customer recently who asked: “I had an unexpected health issue that came up, still being diagnosed. I have a grandson, Alexander, coming along. He is 14 now. Your guidance to Willis would be a big advantage for Alexander. Can I buy a copy of your letter to Willis? Or perhaps the entire August newsletter? Whatever is convenient.” As I told him: It’s not set up for sale at this time. And really, he would have had to be subscribed to the August issue to get it. He wrote back to let me know that, thankfully, his diagnosis was not anything terrible, and he’s going to be okay and will just be patient. But he also got me thinking more about the fragility of mortality. Like, for example, what recently happened to my business partner Troy Broussard. He was here visiting during my birthday in July. And he went out with me and Stefania walking around town here that night to celebrate. It was a fun, leisurely, low-stress walk (small town, no more than maybe 5 miles total walking the whole night over several hours)... with perfect weather. One couldn’t ask for better conditions. Yet he had two heart episodes... where he had to pop nitro glycerin pills to keep himself alive! Then, another one the next day at his mom's house. It was so hair-raising for him, he had to literally fly his wife in across country to drive back with him in case he had a cardiac event behind the wheel driving through the middle of Texas or something. When he got home and got checked out, it turned out he had 99% blockage in his primary artery, and 85% blocked in the secondary. The proverbial "walking cardiac event waiting to happen." Needless to say: We were all quite worried about the guy when he had to have triple bypass heart surgery, of which he is still recovering from. This was the real deal. And he had a real chance of not making it... to the point where he gave me proxy voting rights in our companies to make sure his wife & kids were taken care of should the worst happen. He also made me executor of his estate to prepare, too, if that tells you something. Anyway, the idea of mortality has been on my mind quite a bit lately. You simply don’t know how much time you have. So, for instance, the guy saying Email Players Annual #4: After School Special got him to pray again for the first time in 16 years hit especially hard (in a good way). I think the only time I’ve ever written anything that has had that kind of effect on someone was my third Enoch Wars novel (Demon Crossfire) which got similar reactions - including from someone who used to be in the life coach space (i.e., lots of confused Bali volcano guru-worshipping girl bosses messing with forces they shouldn't be) who said something a character did in the book showed her how to be free of a particularly vicious life-long, ongoing generational spiritual attack. It was like something you'd see in horror movies, except hers was real. All of which brings me to the third and final reason I bring this up: I will be making that Annual "After School Special" issue available for sale eventually. But it probably won’t be until next year sometime. I'm not sure when, exactly. But I’m in fiction-writing mode for the next couple months, followed by taking 3-4 weeks totally off after that in December, and I already have my offers plotted, locked, and loaded through early 2026. In the meantime, though: If this side of things intrigues you or makes you curious, and if you want to listen to the real life testimony of the woman I mentioned above, who read my Demon Crossfire novel about what a spiritual attack can and does look like, see the free Enoch Wars mobile app at the link below. I have all kinds of content inside there - and its all free. Including the first novel in audio book, eBook, and even screenplay format that also delves into these topics. The 9-part Enoch Wars series are not strictly “horror” novels. Not in the traditional “slasher” sense, at least. They are far more real with far more nuance and, I'd argue, importance. Otherwise, I would not have bothered writing them. Only thing you’ll need to access the free app is a smart phone or iPad here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/enochwars Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA