# the paradox of the socially successful introvert

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 27 Nov 2025 16:15:20 +0000
**ID:** 19ac61ae036b60c1
---

So the paradox goes: === Every seminar you’ve done, you never strike me as this introverted loner guy you claim to be. You have a magic pull with the audience and they laugh at all your jokes. It feels so natural. Are you secretly an extrovert, or have you picked up how to do talks/seminars so easily (while also disliking it) at a certain place, or person? Or, 3rd option, have you just positioned yourself in such a way that to come watch you speak, they’d first have to go deep into your world and realize you’re actually pretty likeable - effectively culling the heard to get only the best and most engaged (the ones you’re most comfortable with) in your world to show up? === Let’s just get one thing out of the way off the bat: I hate going anywhere. Frankly, I dislike even leaving the house. I haven’t even bothered to get the government’s stupid RealID or renew my passport. And I’m very much like how Superman’s mom Martha Kent describes Jonathan Kent in the Batman vs Superman movie: CLARK KENT: How come Dad never left Kansas? MARTHA KENT: Well, he just...You know how he was. “What do I need to travel for? I’m already there.” This does, however, pose some annoying problems. Like, for example: A few years ago I did a live Q&A to Email Players subscriber Justin Goff’s audience, and I was astonished by how excited, talkative, and all-around social they were compared to when I do live calls to my own boys & ghouls, who I sometimes wonder if they have a pulse at all, due to being introverts like me who just lurk and haunt zoom but never say anything, ask anything, engage with anything. It’s why I don’t do much live stuff, incidentally: All the dayem introverts. I would do more live calls, training, whatever if I had lots of extroverts in my World. But the vast majority are boring introverts (like me), who suck all the fun out of it. Incidentally, the late Johnny Carson was a notorious introvert. He we so introverted he got nearly paralyzed with nerves before each and every show he did during his 30+ year reign as the undisputed High King of Late Night TV entertainment. He was "the guy" who all the other A-list celebrities would clamor to meet and rub shoulders with at parties, but who he'd avoid, and often do the Irish Goodbye preferring solitude. He was also the guy whose "altar" all other late night TV comedians would bow at, despite being an introvert. Obviously, he didn't let his introversion get in his way. If anything, he made it work for him. Not with any kind of silly woo-woo mental mind tricks or tactics, but just gutting it out and pushing through it. There is a state of mind one can put themselves in to help with this, I have found. And it's more just a realization of how the human brain works than a secret, but might as well be a secret to the uninitiated. It can probably help you, too, if you happen to be one of us wretchedly boring social misers. Especially when public speaking, being on live calls, podcasts, etc. It’s all the same to us types. Being around people for too long drains the life out of us. But again,, you can also use that, too, if you know what you’re doing like Carson did, which I talk about (briefly - there ain't much to it, i.e., it's just a state of mind thing) in the December Email Players issue. I suspect introverts will likely find it useful. You can read more about what’s inside the December issue in the P.S. To subscribe to the paid newsletter before the deadline go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. More of what I teach inside the December Email Players issue: * Unusual tips for creating your first digital product when you’re not sure what to sell, not sure if anyone will want what you sell, or not sure if your ideas are even likely to sell. * The trick to positioning your brand as a trusted authority worthy of listening to & buying from right from the get-go. * A quickie, “idiot’s guide” to creating a marketing funnel if you’re not sure what to do, where to begin, or who to listen to. * How one-man-band businesses can stand out even as the “AI email avalanche” continues to create more and more noise and inbox clutter. * The ingenious Gene Schwartz trick (based on neurophysiology research of his day) for turning stray brain farts into world class headlines, subject lines, story lines, bullets/fascinations, even entire offers. * What email copywriters who insist on using generative so-called AI should know about Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail and other inbox services. * The shrewd creativity trick I’ve been using for over 20 years to generate nearly unlimited profitable ideas for emails, sales copy, books, newsletters, and marketing campaigns across multiple businesses. * A surprisingly effective headline-writing technique (used by writers of the New York Post and other popular rags) you can watch in a popular Bugs Bunny cartoon on YouTube. * Advice to struggling copywriters that can help you almost immediately extract more joy (and profit) from your work. * An insanely profitable (but definitely NOT easy to pull off) secret found in Robert Greene’s “33 Strategies of War” for potentially making more sales in a few months than you probably would in 10+ years otherwise. (I’ve done this 3 times. And while I can say it worked to almost spooky degree, it can also literally take years off your life if you’re easily stressed, rattled by uncertainty, or burned out.) * A strange - but true - way to “leap frog” over the time, frustration, & uncertainty phase of creating high-priced offers that can potentially sell like hotcakes to your list. * A bizarre method (taught by the late A-list actor Steve McQueen towards the end of his life) for having almost supernatural levels productivity. * How to become so “emotionally one” with your prospects that you can know almost exactly what they want to buy with potentially near-pinpoint precision. (And without having to twist around with endless pre-testing, surveys, or even asking them.) * The “mask of influence” secret (perfect for hardcore introverts) used by Johnny Carson to help him become one of the richest & most celebrated brands of his day. * Some raw and unfiltered thoughts about how to build equity in a solo business. (Including how I approach doing it in my own company.) * What you absolutely must do first (assuming you don’t want to lose a ton of customers, at least) to safely convert a digital membership model into a print newsletter model like mine. * What to do if your email copywriting game is tight but your promos keep flopping left and right. * A “switch” you can flip in your brain that can help protect yourself from withering burnout. * What I’m teaching my own flesh-and-blood son about how to have as consistently high physical, mental, and creative energy levels as possible. * One thing almost all people who tend to live longer do that almost all people who tend to die early don’t. To subscribe before the looming deadline coming up go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA