# People smell copycats like poo on a shoe

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 18 Jun 2025 13:50:34 +0000
**ID:** 197834e7b71e219c
---

One of my customers once noticed something in the milk wasn’t clean: === I recently unsubscribed from an email copywriter's print newsletter (I respect him a great deal and have learned a lot from him so far). But I wanted to go deep into your methodology without anyone else in my ear giving me conflicting data. Another reason though is a bit more subtle, I felt like he copied you (or tried to at least imitate you) without giving the full credit or paying homage. I'd notice little things he'd say, do and teach and it seemed like he'd try to "be different" just for the sake of it, but really I know he got his knowledge from you. YOU pay homage to Matt Furey and all the other greats who've helped you. You dedicated an entire podcast (and a book) to Matt Furey and suggested us to buy his products - which is great. I appreciate you being honest and non-needy. Yet I've never heard this guy "big you up", even though I know he was an Email Players subscriber when he was new - I've seen his questions to you on your blog and his testimonial in your book. And then there's other details - like his print newsletter comes in an identical envelope to yours with the same layout that says "your paid newsletter enclosed" or something like that - it's in a black box in the exact same place as yours. It's the exact same address printed in the same place on the envelope as well. The whole thing just doesn't feel right! I know this is a small detail and it might be accidental but I don't like it. And then he just imitates all of your product ideas! Like, it’s annoying to ME. You got a list building product, he got a list building product. You got a “good enough” sales letter product, he got a “good enough” sales letter product. You got a print newsletter, he got a print newsletter. You got an email copywriting book, he got an email copywriting book. Those little details, even if they seem stupid, put me off a little bit. I really respect how you go about business, especially when it comes to paying homage to those who came before you. But then ur still original - as you teach in Brand Barbarian. I just wanted to tell you about my experience as a customer of yours compared to my experience with others. And you win, by a country mile. I'm starting to understand more and more what you mean when you say "think for yourself" - something as little as envelope design has repelled me (amongst other things). I've definitely learned from this and will apply it in my own business. === “Always copied, never duplicated” is just how it goes ‘round here. Market grifting & follow-the-leader style offer and/or idea cloning is just how 95%+ of direct marketers are “wired.” It’s probably why so-called AI is a literal wet dream for them. These guys are incapable of abstract thought and need hand holding, can't make a move without a swipe file, and are terrified of any kind of uncertainty. So I figure these guys doing it with my stuff legitimately can’t help themselves. With their little rationalization hamsters spinning like they're on crack trying to justify it. I suspect it's almost like an impulse they cannot resist. But, as the above testimonial proves, they ultimately end up making me sales. Maybe I should send them all an Email Players cap? Whatever the case: If you want the real deal and not just a streaked copy, of a grainy fax, of a faded xerox, of a blurry scan, of a low res screenshot of something that kinda sort maybe but not exactly looks like what I am doing & teaching, simply buy my offers direct from me, and not those copying me. Like, for example, my offer on sale today: “Copy Salesliloquies: Vol 1” This book includes the June 2020, February 2021, June 2021, & May 2022 Email Players issues which were all about copywriting. Plus, it also includes the transcripts of a couple intense line-by-line sales letter analyses (for my Subscription Biz & Social Lair book offers) I did for our $499/month Profit Pirates coaching clients. Lots of stuff I either couldn’t fit into my Copy Slacker book (already 800+ pages). Or stuff I learned since writing Copy Slacker. And before you even ask: No, you do NOT need Copy Slacker to learn from the info in this book. If anything, it serves as a nifty “prequel” (or sequel if you already possess it) to my Copy Slacker book you can learn from regardless of your experience, knowledge, or skill level now. It’s also on sale at a fat discount until Friday, June 20 at midnight, EDT. Simply do this: 1. Go to the URL below 2. Read the letter carefully to make an informed purchase 3. Use code WILLIS at the checkout (Make sure you see the price change before entering your info) http://www.EmailPlayers.com/salesliloquies1 Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA