# Advice to a business owner who has a special needs child

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 09 Oct 2025 23:45:16 +0000
**ID:** 199cb5d5e1ecc504
---

A year or so ago, a customer hypothetically asked: “What would Ben do?” The context: She is a high achieving in-house copywriter raising a special needs son, and she wants to do more. But she also said she is not cut out for the entrepreneurial side of things. I shared my answer to her publicly in an email at the time, as I figured others reading it could be in the same boat. Maybe not with a special needs child specifically. But just in general. i.e., worrying about providing, passing something on in case of premature death, debilitating injury, sickness, etc. Anyway, I got a reply to that email from Email Players subscriber Robert Martinez. And dayemed if he didn’t answer the question better than I did: === Hello Ben, In response to WWBD: I think you missed an opportunity to send her to one of your affiliates. I'm not disagreeing with the advice you gave her, I'm adding another layer. Troy's Low Stress Option Trading program would be a great fit for her in my opinion. I Purchased the program through one of your offers back in March. Low Stress Trading is a phenomenal program. I was already trading options to a degree. Low Stress Options has changed everything for me. It cleared up a lot that I didn't understand. It's easy to learn. Even for someone that doesn't have any Options knowledge. The program is filled with men and women wanting to change their financial situation in a meaningful way, quickly. Such as moms wanting to stay home with their children. Men and women that want to solidify their retirements or save for their children's college. Low Stress Options is perfect for a woman that has little time and a burning desire to bank money for her disabled child's future. I can't imagine living with a disabled child and worrying about how that child will be taken care of when I'm gone. She may or may not want to look at Option Trading, but I would hope you would consider passing that information to her. I believe it could change her life financially and eliminate a huge amount of stress. As always, use this email as you'd like. Robert Martinez, Dad P.S. I'm lucky enough to have 3 healthy children. I worry about them for a lot of reasons. I wish WWBD good luck with her struggle. She sounds like a strong woman toughened by circumstance. === If you find this intriguing, I got two links for you: Link #1: Is to sign up for tomorrow’s live, free training on how Low Stress Trading works in “real time”, where I’ll be grilling Troy on what his trading framework looks like, see his bare nekid account, and ask questions, hold his feet to the fire, even outright badger him to prove he’s telling you the truth (you will be doing him a bonafide favor if you do - he WANTS you to try to stump him). Here’s that link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/options Tomorrow’s live training is at: 5:00 EDT / 4:00 CDT / 3:00 MDT / 2:00 PDT. If you end up buying the offer, use RefCode SETTLE to get a special bonus: Your pick of any ONE book listed in the P.S. below. It also has pertinent deadline and instructions for how to claim it. NOTE: This is he LAST time I will be selling Low Stress Trading with this free book offer at the current pricing. Next time you see me promote this the price will have doubled. So if you’re on the fence, keep that in mind. If you want to pay more later, that’s fine by us, of course. But giving you a heads up here that it will double. Link #2: Is to the Low Stress Trading TrustPilot reviews. I cannot legally vouch for any of the claims there, of course. And many are so surreal the three attorneys we hire telling us we can’t really use them as-is in our marketing, but you can read them independently on that site: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/lst/trust Not a fan of putting links to more than one site in an email. But it’s important you make an informed purchase not just for your sake, but because we don’t want people to just “buy” Low Stress Trading, we want people who are bought in to it. Finally: See the P.S. below for the bonus book list and deadline to claim it. Ben Settle P.S. To get a free copy of any one of the books below as a bonus you must: (1) buy Low Stress Trading via RefCode SETTLE at the checkout and (2) let me know which book from the list below BY tomorrow’s 10/10/25 at midnight EDT deadline. If you send me your book pick AFTER that it will be ignored. I hate “tail” in marketing in all its evil forms. So either let me know your book pick by the deadline or no book for you. Here is the list of books to choose from: * ParaSELL Universe * Markauteur * elBenbo Press * Affiliate Launch Copynomicon * Copy Slacker * List Swell * Email Client Horde * Social Lair * Copy Troll * Infotainment Jackpot * Brand Barbarian * Breakneck Content * NOfluence * Copy Salesliloquies * Count of Content To read more about a specific book below, Google is your friend. Again, to qualify for your free book you must (1) buy Low Stress Trading with RefCode SETTLE and (2) let me know your book pick BY tomorrow’s Friday 10/10/25 deadline. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA