# Horror fiction for copywriters

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 11 Aug 2025 21:14:55 +0000
**ID:** 1989afd982bddcdc
---

Email Players subscriber Parker Worth gets frisked... and “it moves”: === I’m a foaming at the mouth fan of your emails and products. Even better? The Enoch Wars makes me feel like Howard Carter discovering King Tuts tomb. How? Look, the fiction book market is stale. And frankly, Zombie cop gave me the ol’ rush of a 3,000 year old rotten mummy curse. A hit so strong I’m digging graves for more (especially after finishing book 7)…. === I know practically nobody joined this list to hear about my fiction. But, that doesn’t stop me from talking about it.. The book referenced above is the first of a 9-book series of horror novels I wrote between 2013 and 2023 called The Enoch Wars. And if you want to see if they are worth your precious time and the psychological damage that is sure to ensue… you can read that first book free in the Enoch Wars app - where it is in eBook, audio book, and even screenplay format. That particular book’s introduction was also written by the great, and esteemed A-list copywriter Bob Bly who also quite enjoyed reading it, as do its many copywriter fans, I have noticed. And the book is “for real” free to read. There is not even currently an opt-in required. The only requirements are a smart phone or iPad to read it in the free Learnistic app. Here’s where to get your lovin’: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/enochwars Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA