# People so cheap they eat a dollar and crap out a penny

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 11 May 2025 23:44:47 +0000
**ID:** 196c1be42cff551d
---

Let me tell you a story. A couple years after getting started up in this business, I did lots of deals with Michael Senoff where I’d write the sales copy for offers he had the rights to sell, and we’d sell them to his list, and split the sales. Since there was no up front fee and I needed to eat… I didn’t have time to futz around with goo-roo dogma, and could only focus on what actually worked. And one of those early lessons was when Michael said: “It’s the same amount of work to sell a high priced offer as a low priced one” And, thus, his point was we might as well sell expensive offers. And so we did. Adjusting for inflation, the offers we sold would be over $1,000 today. That may not seem like a big deal, but this was back in the era of the eBook kings obsessed with selling $9 eBooks, marketers all competing on price, and the JV circle-jerk where goo-roos would all sell and give testimonials on each others’ sales pages selling each other’s low priced offers trying to appeal to each other’s price shoppers, etc. We did the opposite. And, I daresay, we had a helluva run. But, even more important: The quality and classiness of the customers we sold to and dealt with was exponentially higher in every way. I talk a bit about this towards the end of my Client-Less Copywriter program, about the difference between serving and selling to what Gary Halbert used to call “Players with Money” vs the cheapie price shopper mentality. Cheap-minded misers on my list get mad when I talk about this. They’ll reply with magnificent rationalization hamster-spinning about why, too. It’s actually quite amusing. These small thinking types can’t even parse the difference between temporarily broke (happens to everyone, all of us, at some point, that’s just life) and being perpetually cheap-minded —literally addicted to buying on price, getting the best price, bragging to their other cheap friends about the price they got, and wasting time (a far more valuable commodity than money) hunting the best price instead of just getting what they want and solving the problem it solves. Guy driving 30 miles out of his way to save .50 cents per gallon on gas comes to mind. In my early years in this business I thought that was exaggerated. But no, it’s real, these types really do walk the earth. Anyway, back to the Players with Money: These guys tend to be price shoppers, too. But, they are not shoppers looking for the lowest and cheapest price… they are often looking for, and curate their purchases… the HIGHEST price. A low, cheap price is like holding up a silver cross dripping holy water to a vampire to a lot of these guys. Yes, they like a “good deal.” Everyone does, and I know I certainly do. But they are not buying on cheap, and they are far from cheap-minded. Thus, they are far better customers. They don’t complain about dumb shyt. And they aren’t reply guys or trolls. They are the types more likely to use/apply what you sold them so they benefit from it to solve whatever problem your offer solves. And they not only refer in abundance to those who sell them a legit solution to their problems… but they give testimonials in abundance, and often become customers (make a “custom” of buying from you as the great Ken McCarthy defines it) vs mere one time buyers, and the list goes on. Plus there’s the business philosophy I go by: Preferring 4 quarters to 100 pennies. I’d much rather have 4 shiny, clean, easy-to-access & handle quarters in my pocket than 100 sticky, filth, God-knows-where-they’ve-been pennies in my pocket. The dirty, sticky, filthy pennies also taint everything else in your pocket. Again, this is not about affordability or being broke. Let the pedantic reply guy getting offended take note. Not being able to afford something is not what I mean by cheap. Cheap is a mindset, a way of life, and all mental. Even a lot of wealthy people suffer from it, frankly, and the ones I know are miserable. Real life example of that: My business partner in the Oregon Eagle newspaper (Email Players subscriber Richard Emmons) told me about a guy who was haunting the offices asking for a shorter subscription period than a year because he wasn’t sure he’d want to read it. Realize, the subscription is only $39/year which is less than 10 cents per day. And for fun Richard and his long-suffering wife (she has to talk to these cheapies) found the guy’s house on Zillow… and saw it was worth over $1 million. That’s what I’m referring to by cheap. And not only can I not help cheap people, but I have no desire to. As soon as someone says something cheap-minded I set a rule in my email program to automatically delete their message lest I somehow catch whatever sickness of the soul plagues them. They’ll have to be someone else’s problem. Their cheapness has no place or power here. But, you may be wondering… how do you get the higher quality customers who are NOT cheap-minded. And how do you do it if you don’t have a big list, big audience, or big influence? And further more, how do you begin to get these kinds of customers if you don’t know what to do, who to trust, or where to turn? I refer you to my long time pal up in this business Danny Iny. I’ve known Danny for over 15 years, have hung out with him multiple times (including when he got in a plane and flew down to my dad’s house in Tucson, AZ from Canada where he lives just to interview me in my dad’s living room for an hour - talk about dedication to his audience and customers…) and have seen him help a lot of my own customers with everything from audience building to course creation. And he’s about to hold a class related to this topic of higher class customers. Yes, even if your list is small. I’d argue “especially” if your list is small. And in this 3-hour class he is teaching how to turn your expertise into a highly profitable course, coaching group, or mastermind, whether your list/audience is small, big, or mid. BTW, this is NOT an affiliate offer. Yes, his people gave me an affiliate link for their tracking purposes. But I get paid nothing whether you buy or not. And, in fact, I requested not to be on any affiliate “leader boards.” I don’t care about any of that with this. I simply know Danny, we have treated each others’ customers right for many years, and we like to help each other out when we see the other is doing something we think our own audiences would want to know about. And this new venture he’s doing is ripe as far as timing. Anyway, you can learn more about this here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/danny Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA