# Why stressed out single moms are some of the most prolific content creators

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 08 Aug 2025 19:45:00 +0000
**ID:** 1988b388e458d578
---

Many years ago (1999-ish) I read one of Tony Robbins’ books called: “Unlimited Power” I don’t buy into many of his teachings. But there is definitely some legitimately practical info inside. One of which is this: “If you want to be more successful, simply take on more responsibility.” And from a business' content creation and productivity point of view, I think this is even more true. If you observe the most productive people, they tend to have the busiest schedules. Example: I have known single parents in business with extremely hectic schedules. They are juggling kids (along with their kids' schooling, sports, doctors appointments, etc), work, building their businesses, any number of scheduling “fires” that have to be put out that spontaneously combust out of nowhere… yet, I have observed some of them are by far the most successful customers I have. They actually get more work done. They go through more info products designed to grow their businesses. And they write more copy, create more content, and achieve more success, without whining about not having time - and they do it faster than those who have very simple workdays and schedules, and more time to play with. Thus, the obvious lesson: If you want to create more content, take on more work, not less. Take on more projects, not less. And seek out more responsibility, not less. If you want to “tap” into this powerful little truism, my "Breakneck Content" book can show you ways to not only create content faster for your business, but do it in ways where you don’t necessarily lose quality, and even have higher quality than you do now. Whatever the case, the 20% discount on the book vanishes in less than 6 hours. (Midnight EDT tonight, Friday 8/8) To hop on this deal do this: 1. Buy it before the deadline at the link below 2. Use code FAST at the checkout (where it says "add referral code") 3. Make sure you see the price change before entering your credit card info Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/breakneck Ben Settle P.S. This book is very small, very short, and very expensive. If you judge information by weight & volume then it’ll be a gigantic waste of money for you. It’s simple, “meat & potatoes” info I’ve used to pump out enormous amounts of content quickly over the last couple decades. However, it requires both thinking & ambition to use. And if you need hand-holding, coddling, or so-called AI then you should probably pass on buying it. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA