# Why I thought David Deutsch wanted to look at my prostate

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 01 Sep 2025 04:15:20 +0000
**ID:** 199037e32fded5d2
---

Let me tell you a story. Many years ago, the great A-list copywriter David Deutsch along with Ryan Healy, Ray Edwards, John Anghelache, Daniel Levis, and Yours Unruly used to regularly meet for an informal mastermind on Ryan's teleseminar line (back in the Mesozoic era) each month. After one of them, David asked what I was working on. I told him I was creating a backend product for a prostate offer. He goes, "let me see it." "My prostate?" I asked. "No, the prostate offer." “Oh yeah, I knew that.” So David looks at my ad’s headline which was formally okay, and certainly it was 'safe' - with a big claim, proof, and everything functionally correct. I don't remember what it was exactly. Frankly, I do not even know where I put all that stuff (probably deleted it) but it was like all the other headlines in that niche at that time. Literally no differentiation between mine and everyone else’s in both tone and, in many cases, words, claims, benefits. David looked at it and said: "I'd like to see more 'Ben Settle' in this" Meaning, more like how I write my email copy. So I went on my merry way to fix it up. And a couple hours later came up with a far better headline that was a helluva lot better, more attention-getting & a bit jolting (for a guy to read) than the safer, by-the-numbers one I originally wrote. And that was when I realized the great David Deutsch is very likely the best headline coach on the planet. I have learned a lot about headlines from guys like David. And, of course, other copywriters of his caliber. Some of them write very toned-down headlines that a lot of goo-roo fanboys would probably think weak, lame, and would not have an ice cube’s chance in the pit of hell of working if you showed them the headlines without knowing who they were written by or their results. Like for example, Doug D’Anna’s “Can India Stop China?” headline or the Email Players subscriber Gary Bencivenga’s “How To Get Rich Slowly” (enormously successful). Others write balls-to-the-headlines. Like, for example John Carlton’s One-Legged Golfer ad. Or a headline Ralph Ginzburg (who I have been probably TOO influenced by) wrote: “RAPIST!” Anyway, I mix & match headline approaches depending on a lot of factors. And in the September Email Players newsletter I show you a whole bunch of my “cream of the crop” headlines stretching back as far as 20 years... all put under the proverbial microscope, dissected, analyzed, with the psychology behind them to get them to crawl right into the brains and souls of customers who bought from them. One more thing to think about: With everyone spanking out more content, more ads, more emails, and more marketing than at any other time in human history... I believe learning how to write headlines, subject lines, and titles that seize attention, make people ignore everyone else, and bring readers in with their focused, undivided attention... has never been more urgent & profitable. That’s why I decided to wait for years to write this particular issue. It’s been a request from Email Players subscribers for at least ten years. But now the time is ripe. And, yes, so is the deadline to get in on this issue in time. When I send the list to the printer in a little bit, that’ll be it. I’m turning off the link to the cart, and that’ll be that. Here’s the link one last time for your clicking pleasure: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s also one last glimpse at what’s inside before the deadline: * Sneaky psychological tactics I used to write the headline for one of the single most profitable sales letters ever run in the history of the self defense niche. * A headline secret used by the billionaire newspaper tycoon William Randolph Hearst (that John Caples also secretly used, too) that can help you exponentially amp up your ad or email readership, response, and, if you have a good offer... sales. * An ingenious way (used by certain, very savvy public speakers to seize a large room full of peoples’ attention) to write headlines for getting people to “lean in” to read your sales pitches. * An old timey day copywriter’s trick for pre-testing your headline’s power without showing it to anyone, without getting any critiques, and without guessing, wondering, or agonizing over it. * A surprisingly profitable headline technique from the movie “Citizen Kane” that can help even a rank amateur write headlines that stand out from anything else their prospect is being distracted by. * The headline trick of a kooky old newspaper space ad genius (who once got jailed for his writing!) for making your ads stand out head & shoulders from practically anything else on the internet, the inbox, social media, or anywhere else. * An example of how to write “bad ass” headlines - where prospects literally might think, “what a bad ass!” and have a hard time not reading the rest of your copy just to see what it’s about. (This won’t lend itself to every ad you write, and your milage may vary - but every time I do it never seems to fail.) * The strange (but 100% proven) secret for getting a higher response to your ads... by deliberately NOT going through the product or using the service you’re selling. (I doubt even a single copywriting “guru” will approve of this - but I have done it many times, including in a recent direct mail test that got exceptionally hight response.) * Two “stealth” emotions (most copywriters don’t even realize ARE emotions... they’ve been so brainwashed by horse shyt) to wrench on in your headlines, subject lines, and content titles to help nab higher response & sales. * The best (and totally free) place I’ve ever used to get genuinely useful copywriting critiques. * A red flag that can help you almost instantly know if a chest-pounding copywriting goo-roo you want to learn or buy from is just talking out of his arse. * A word-for-word email one of my all-time favorite copywriters (who has gotten “fan mail” from guys like Dan Kennedy and Gary Bencivenga, if that tells you something) sent me about how to knock out headlines that can double, triple, maybe even quadruple your response. (I DEFY anyone - newbie or seasoned pro - to read what he said and not write far more profitable headlines the very first time you use it.) * Psychological “triggers” that can help make it almost neurologically impossible to ignore your headlines - even when competing against 1,000+ other click-bait headlines fighting for your prospect’s attention. . * The shrewd “anti-NLP” headline secret (used by both David Ogilvy and Gary Halbert) for helping you get near instant focus from prospects reading your ads or emails. * How Mel Martin (the “King of Fascinations” whose alter many of the best A-list direct mail copywriters who ever lived have worshipped at) penned some of the most insanely profitable headlines in copywriting history - and often without using promises, claims, benefits, or any silly “click-bait”-like appeals. * NON-legal advice (let the record show, Your Honor) for health offer copywriters who want to write headlines that work like gangbusters while also helping keep your ads off Big Brother’s radar. * A clever way to use Facebook to help you see if a headline idea has any “legs” without spending any money or running any ads on there. * One of simplest and most effective “pattern interrupts” you can use in advertising headlines right now. (Not just sales letter headlines, but email subject lines, article titles, book titles, and more.) * How to shut the yap of the Doubting Thomas in every prospect’s brain - who’s whispering in his ear, trying to determine if he should read the rest of your ad or not. * What I learned about writing headlines after a short (and private - not recorded) conversation with one of the greatest A-list copywriters who ever lived. * The “feral” headline secret that can help make plain vanilla offers sound more exciting and exotic. * A neat little trick you can use in your headlines that is nearly guaranteed to get more attention & possibly response - even from prospect’s who would otherwise ignore you! (This “thing” can also work wonders in other parts of your ads and emails, too - especially in subject lines, stories, offers, CTA’s, and bullets.) * Three words used in a LOT of sales copy and emails these days (I even have to catch and stop myself from using them at times) that are like “fed bait.” (I had to pay several thousand dollars in fees to an attorney to learn this bit I share inside.) Here’s the link to subscribe to the paid Email Players newsletter before the deadline: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA