# Persuasion secret of a US President plagued with vomit-inducing pain

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 09 Sep 2025 02:44:50 +0000
**ID:** 1992c5ddb242d540
---

One of my favorite bios is by H.W. Brands about President Andrew Jackson. i.e., Old Hickory There is a long list of lessons to learn about success and business by studying the life of this man who was so popular with his fans that two thousand of them once stormed the White House just to be around him after his inauguration. The rooms were packed so tightly that day, they couldn't even leave except by going out windows. Mobs of people lined up wherever he went, forcing him to sneak out back doors and other such maneuvers for a moment’s peace. Such was his popularity. And, he had remarkable powers of persuasion too. If he said to do something, his troops, aids, whoever, did it. They didn’t talk back, and they didn’t give him any "lip." There were many reasons for this beyond his penchant for pistol duals. One of which was, I believe, the agonizing, ungodly, even vomit-inducing amounts of pain he endured on a daily basis and perpetually suffered, yet still would keep going to battles, keep going to wars, keep fighting, drilling, and ultimately winning. I wonder if he might have been one of the strongest Willed men who ever lived. Take for example, that constant, excruciating physical pain he was in 24/7. This guy spent a lifetime engaging in all kinds of conflicts & fights - from his teenage years fighting redcoat soldiers (who butchered people in the most gruesome of ways) one-on-one during the Revolutionary War, to engaging in pistol duels with people, to leading militias, then the military, and then the nation itself as President where he fought his greatest enemy: The Bank of England. Mess with central bankers even today and you're gonna get whacked. And it all took hair-raising tolls on his health, to say the least. For example, the duels he was in. He got shot and injured many times. And, as a result, he had severe lead poisoning much of his life. Believe it or not, some samples of his hair were analyzed 100 years or so after his death, and his body had TWENTY times more lead in it than what is considered safe! And that lead poisoning kept him in perpetual agony. So much so: Soldiers watching him said he was often just 3 steps away from collapsing in the saddle. His abdomen was constantly on fire, he would often violently vomit out of the blue, shaking and sweating, ready to pass out in the saddle on the way to major battles, and yet still would win. His temper flared out of control at the slightest thing causing him to blow up at people for little or no reason. And he was often nauseous, bedridden for sometimes weeks, and had written numerous letters about how this was it, he was done, going to retire, etc… only to be back leading another battle to victory over one enemy or another. He was just someone who refused to back down from a fight. Or, really, any kind of conflict. He was the only President with the balls to take on the Bank of England and win. Again, no small thing and very dangerous to one's ability to breathe if you understand the forces he was fighting again. But I don’t think he could back down - as he completely thrived on it. Every time he was bedridden with yet another health problem, thinking he was going to retire (and this was before he was even President), he’d hear of another battle coming up, and suddenly his health and pain levels returned to a manageable level and he’d be off to the races. It’s why they called him “Old Hickory” in the first place. He was tall & thin, and non imposing. Yet he boldly persuaded & influenced the minds and Will of other men and armies - including great men of war and politics - who observed his toughness made him like a hickory branch: Thin and bendable, but hard to break. i.e., the exact opposite of most people today who don't know what to do with themselves if they can't get their Doordash app to work. If you like this kind of content, you might enjoy my Villains books. Although, instead of analyzing the persuasion powers of Presidents... it's with villains. The entire trilogy is on Amazon. And next year I might write a 4th one. Until then, you can see the first 3 here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/villains Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA