# Helena Rubinstein's ruthless secret to selling high priced glop

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 15 Nov 2025 01:45:22 +0000
**ID:** 19a853049ca582e3
---

One business person I've had fun studying over the years is: Helen Rubinstein. She was as brilliant as she was ruthless when it came to selling her cosmetic lines. In fact, if there’s ever been a football “hail Mary pass” equivalent in marketing - where one goes for the big sale - it is what she did to sell her high priced cosmetics, that I have since noticed certain other ruthless content marketers have always done too. Something that works especially well during down economies. And probably even better in markets overheated with competition. Nobody probably did this particular way of selling better than Helena, though. And in my experience, using it is as simple as falling off a chair in anything health or money-related especially. But it can likely be applied to almost any product category. I even remember using it to write articles in the dog niche many years ago, to get unusually high number of views and clicks. It worked just as well in the self defense niche, too. Whatever the case: Ruthless marketers like Helena Rubinstein did this all day long. And while I can’t make any specific promises, since I know so few who actually do it, I can say I have never seen it not work - especially with my own content-driven business. I will also say this: You can read more about this inside my “Count of Content” book. It’s one of many ways inside for potentially selling offers - including content-based offers - that can potentially sell for 100s, 1000s, even tens of 1000’s a pop in your business, and with probably a lot less stress, uncertainty, and strain than maybe you expect. Very powerful info. And while kind of a refresher topic for long time Email Players subscribers (coming at it from a different POV than I usually do), it’s certainly not something I see a whole lot of marketers doing - especially of the content creator variety. Probably because you have to be a bit ruthless to use it. Not super ruthless. But some ruthlessness is required. Will not explain further. To start using this "Helena Mary Pass" method see my “Count of Content” on sale today. This nearly 250-page book primarily consists of the December 2021, July 2022, November 2022, October 2023, and this past April & May 2024 Email Players issues. So if you have all or some of those issues you will have to determine if you want to buy this book or not. It is also on sale until Sunday, 11/16 at midnight EST at a pleasantly plump discount off the price listed on the sales page. You can read about it here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/count NOTE: Use code DANTES at the checkout (where it says “Add Referral Code”) for the discount. And make sure you see the price change before buying. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA