# ParaSELL Universe sale

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 16 Oct 2025 15:45:05 +0000
**ID:** 199edb3d12f61134
---

Today I'm having a sale on my ParaSELL Universe book. It’s a compilation of 10 Email Players issues that collectively show how to create an alternate reality & marketing “universe” for your business where you’re king & customers/clients potentially buy simply because you decree it. It is based on the twin concepts I’ve pioneered over the past 25-years of: 1. World-Building 2. Sixth-Generation Marketing Warfare Where selling, pitching, marketing, and promoting (directly or indirectly) can be done well before anyone sees an offer, or before a product is even created, with most of the selling being done by that company’s fans & customers - as well as its haters & trolls. And sometimes potentially without those customers even being aware of it by you using everyone and everything as a marketing media to sell with. The book ain’t cheap though. So price shoppers can safely ignore all my emails over the next few days. Whatever the case I am taking some of the "sting" out of the price. If you buy it before Sunday 10/19 at midnight EDT it’s yours at a 30% discount. ($861.00 vs the $1,230.00 it retails for) I know, I know... “LMFAO!!!!! NOBODY WILL BUY A BOOK THAT EXPENSIVE!!11” Well, my customers tell things a little different, Whoobie. Like, for example, Email Players subscriber Kent Sanders who said: === Hi Ben, Thanks for making ParaSELL available at a nice discount. I’m sure people give you crap about your high-priced books, but I look at them as courses, not books. People pay all kinds of money for courses with far less value than what you’re giving in your expensive books. You’re doing people a big favor by pricing some of your books so high. It makes me more excited to get it, and I value it more. Keep on rocking and rolling. === And so it goes ‘round here. Use code ZOE by the deadline at the checkout where it says “add referral code” And make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/parasell Ben Settle P.S. This book is made up almost entirely of these ten Email Players issues - October 2020, December 2020, April 2021, July 2021, September 2021, January 2023, February 2023, August 2023, September 2023, and November 2023 + the transcript of a private consult I did for one of my customers who wanted some help in how to think about World-Building specifically. So if you already possess any of the above issues, you’ll have to decide whether it is worth buying ParaSELL Universe or not. Please think carefully before purchasing, either way. This is a significant investment. And it should not be frivolously purchased. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA