# Why I don't care about having an email welcome sequence

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 03 May 2025 19:10:16 +0000
**ID:** 196978fd30d961ab
---

A question about my email sequence-less ways: "Hey Ben, quick question (not relevant to the current offer as I'm not qualified right now). Why do you not have a welcome sequence that would provide a more seamless introduction to your world? I feel that when there isn't such a sequence in place, it takes longer to build the relationship. I'm not asking if you've thought of it, because I'm sure you have and decided against it. But I wonder why. Cheers!" Answer: Same reason Rush Limbaugh never had a “welcome sequence” of shows to listen to: I sell the relationship in every email. Frankly, it’s what I first and foremost do sell. I don’t give a flying rodent’s puckering backside about selling the click, the open, or even the offer at first — I sell the relationship, even if, strange as it might sound, that means the email is sometimes a blatant sales pitch. Example: A few weeks ago I generated my lifespan report inside BerserkerMail. And since using BerserkerMail back in June 2021 (when I became the main “guinea pig” to warm up the IP)… and after sending over 157 million emails through the platform, getting nearly nearly 23 million opens, generating 400,000+ clicks, earning over 31,000 opt-outs, and getting slapped with just over 2,900 spam complaints… I realized two things: 1. It was a helluva lot easier & less frustrating to load/send/schedule those emails than it would have been with all the other ESPs I've used in the past pre-BerserkerMail 2. My “opens” and “clicks” are clearly nothing to brag about if you go by the metrics goo-roos fap themselves blind to... although our Enterprise sender was astonished at how much engagement I get, especially considering the sheer volume of emails I send, which is not "supposed" to work according to typical email goo-roo dogma But I couldn’t care less about either of those metrics. What’s far more important to my business is the relationship and ROI. I’d take the Pepsi Challenge pitting the relationship I have with my list vs anyone else’s in my industry any ol’ day of the week. To me it’s ALL about the relationship. Get that right and you almost can’t lose even if your copy is still weak, your offers are not yet the best, and your list is currently puny. At the same time, if you get the relationship wrong it’ll be hard not to lose — even if your copy is brilliant, your offer is amazing, and your list is 1 million+ in size. That’s not a license to sell crap or not grow a list and improve your skills obviously. But anyone not mindlessly toking on the AI crack pipe already knows that. So I sell the relationship in every email. And other than a welcome email I’ve never used or needed a welcome sequence, “indoctrination” sequence or, worse, “nurture” sequence… nor have I had to send “good will” emails (where nothing is for sale, to show people what a swell guy you are by not selling), or do any of that amateur nonsense you see people do who have trouble connecting with another human being with their words. An exception is when doing a test drive sequence for SaaS but even that is still also selling the relationship while also demonstrating the offer. This does NOT mean I think other companies shouldn't have a welcome sequence. Nor am I "against" them whole cloth. In fact, Monday I am even talking to a rather large and popular newspaper with an email list of several hundred thousand subscribers about helping them amp up their own email welcome sequence's sales. I don't do the consulting thing often. But in this one's case, I may just be making an exception, depending on what happens during the call. We will see. Either way, the point is, sequence or no sequence, every email sells two things: The relationship and the call to action, whatever it is. The one has to come before the other. Literally selling 101. To see the email broadcasting/auto-responder I co-created that is based heavily on my Email Players methodology and this way of approaching email, see our BerserkerMail platform. It ain't cheap. But anyone foolish enough to cheap out and price shop when it comes to the beating heart (email list, automation, deliverability) of their online business is not someone we can help anyway. They're on their own, and I hope they have a good trip. Otherwise, to read about it and get a free test drive go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/berserker Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA