# Dan Kennedy teaches his VIPs the fax about my design methods

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 17 Aug 2025 11:45:23 +0000
**ID:** 198b7d95560238b9
---

True story that I talked about a few weeks ago, but am reprinting here: Last year the great & esteemed Dan Kennedy invited me to correspond with him by FAX (and people think I am the caveman…) And after a few months we got to talking about high priced books, after which I sent him my own super high priced book Markauteur, that he then read and asked to buy in bulk to gift to his VIPs last Christmas along with a letter analyzing the cover as piece of direct response design unto itself. I am not going to reprint the entire cover letter. But here are some lesson he taught based on the book cover specifically: “First, closely examine its covers. They are very much like my ‘sets’ when I do Zoom presentations from my home office - they are busy. They are, therefore, interesting (not boring), and they are different from most (non-conforming).” “Ben is, as you will discover, ‘weird.’” “I confess that I have only begun watching Ben closely and corresponding with him fairly recently, my mistake. At this point, it is, bluntly, very rare to discover somebody I find intelligent, informed, interesting and inspiring, and that is how I would describe Ben Settle. “The Big Book says a lot about what I call ‘Copy Cosmetics’… the ‘look’ of any selling or content media and of the test itself. Ben and I believe in non-uniform abnormal, eccentric ‘looks”. Most books look dull. And look the same as most other books.” “Ben has given all this a great deal of thought, and as he puts together his marketing and content media now, he continues to give it a lot of thought. He has a Theatrical Mind.” Okay, end of shameless book plug. Markauteur is extremely expensive for a mere “book.” But to take some of the sting out of that price, it’s still on sale until tonight. To get the full details on the book do this: 1. Read every single word at the URL below to make an informed purchase 2. Buy it before tomorrow, Sunday 8/17 at midnight EDT to get it at the discount. 3. Use code POMPOUS at the checkout (where it says "add referral code") (Make sure you see the price change before entering your info) Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/design Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA