# The greatest business biography nobody knows

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 08 Oct 2025 11:44:57 +0000
**ID:** 199c3a5167bc07eb
---

I speak of George Lucas' biography by Brian Jay Jones. One of the many reasons why I find it so useful, practical, and profitable is... he hates writing, yet he is arguably the most profitable writer who ever lived. He was also never really in the "movie" business as much as he was in the merchandising & licensing business. And that helped make him so powerful in Hollywood after Star Wars came out that movie execs at Fox admitted they were now in the “George Lucas business” not the “Hollywood” business. This is perhaps the most important business insight ever invented. Specifically, figuring out: “What business are you REALLY in?” It’s been probably the single most valuable lesson I ever learned up in this business, that I originally learned from Dan Kennedy. It's not necessarily an easy question to answer, though. George Lucas figured his answer out early on. But most businesses never do, much less even think about it. They usually just focus on the "thing" or "service" they sell/do/provide... which automatically limits how high you can go. In my own case: It took 6 years for me and my business partner in SaaS and Low Stress Trading Troy Broussard to figure out what business we were really in with our software company. We knew we weren't really in the SaaS, ESP, or mobile app business. In fact, we almost plunked the $20k+ down at one time to consult Dan Kennedy about this question for guidance. But recently (last year) we figured it out. No consulting Dan or anyone else required. What we realize is, both our software/SaaS & Low Stress Trading companies... my own book & newsletter publishing company... and I suspect soon another company I have ownership in (Oregon Eagle newspaper), will end up being the same. And that is, we are ultimately in: The "Trading" business. All of these companies have Trading accounts. Each being rapidly grown via Troy's ingenious Low Stress Trading framework. And the trading income is set to eventually potentially dwarf the income from selling the "things" each of these respective companies focus on selling in possibly as little as only 2-3 years, maybe even faster if things keep sailing along the way we expect - regardless of how the economy goes. Take our software company for example. It already has bonuses, profit sharing, and salaries either fully or partly funded by trading income alone. Profits are then put into the trading accounts, to keep growing. It's one way to have it pay for operational expenses without using cash flow from sales. At this rate, in the not-too-distant future, these companies could technically lose ALL their customers and utterly fail... and still make out like gangbusters due to the trading accounts. Literally all excess profits go directly into the trading accounts to feed the beast, grow it, and help let us basically help us “opt out” of inflation, economic pullbacks, and possibly even straight up economic depressions and/or dot come crash-style "lost decades." Something I suspect will happen due to all the so-called AI hijinx going on. I know people like to fap to their AI. But a cursory glance at the money laundering, crooked circle jerk going on and you realize something in the milk ain't clean, hardly any of them are actually making money, and it's basically a game of musical chairs, where when the music stops it's going to fook up a whole lot of peoples' retirements and ruin a whole lot of lives. You can absolutely quote me on this if you want. It's as inevitable as the sun rising. And ain't nothing going to stop what's coming. Which brings me to the point: To help prepare for the carnage, I highly suggest spending whatever time, thought, money required to figure out what business you are really in and then pursuing that as hard and rapidly as you can over the coming weeks, months, and years. It does not have to be trading like ours. Or licensing & merchandising like George Lucas. Or weight loss (like Subway was at its peak). Or (as I have recently been shown by customer John McDermott) gift card like Starbucks (that is apparently the REAL business they are actually in, not coffee, as nobody redeems them, they pocket the extra cash, and grow). Or happiness like Disney (used to be, at least), etc. The “what business are you REALLY in?” answer is unique to you. Neither I nor anyone else can tell you. Not some coach, mastermind, social media cartoon, or anyone else. It might take a long time to figure out - I admit it took me several years! But whatever time & expense it takes is worth it, IMO. If the idea of trading being that answer sounds intriguing, I got two links for you: Link #1: Is to sign up for today's live, free training on how Low Stress Trading works in “real time”, where I’ll be grilling Troy and Email Players subscriber (and successful real estate investor) and my old podcast producer Jonathan Rivera (who is cleaning up with Low Stress Trading) on what this trading framework looks like, see Troy's bare nekid account, and ask questions, hold his feet to the fire, even outright badger him to prove he’s telling you the truth (you will be doing him a bonafide favor if you do - he WANTS you to try to stump him). Here’s that link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/options Today’s live training is at: 5:00 EDT / 4:00 CDT / 3:00 MDT / 2:00 PDT. If you end up buying the offer, use RefCode SETTLE to get a special bonus: Your pick of any ONE book listed in the P.S. below. It also has pertinent deadline and instructions for how to claim it. NOTE: This is he LAST time I will be selling Low Stress Trading with this free book offer at the current pricing. Next time you see me promote this the price will have doubled. So if you’re on the fence, keep that in mind. If you want to pay more later, that’s fine by us, of course. But giving you a heads up here that it will double. Link #2: Is to the Low Stress Trading TrustPilot reviews. I cannot legally vouch for any of the claims there, of course. And many are so surreal the three attorneys we hire telling us we can’t really use them as-is in our marketing, but you can read them independently on that site: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/lst/trust Not a fan of putting links to more than one site in an email. But it’s important you make an informed purchase not just for your sake, but because we don’t want people to just “buy” Low Stress Trading, we want people who are bought in to it. Finally: See the P.S. below for the bonus book list and deadline to claim it. Ben Settle P.S. To get a free copy of any one of the books below as a bonus you must: (1) buy Low Stress Trading via RefCode SETTLE at the checkout and (2) let me know which book from the list below BY the 10/10/25 at midnight EDT deadline. If you send me your book pick AFTER that it will be ignored. I hate “tail” in marketing in all its evil forms. So either let me know your book pick by the deadline or no book for you. Here is the list of books to choose from: * ParaSELL Universe * Markauteur * elBenbo Press * Affiliate Launch Copynomicon * Copy Slacker * List Swell * Email Client Horde * Social Lair * Copy Troll * Infotainment Jackpot * Brand Barbarian * Breakneck Content * NOfluence * Copy Salesliloquies * Count of Content To read more about a specific book below, Google is your friend. Again, to qualify for your free book you must (1) buy Low Stress Trading with RefCode SETTLE and (2) let me know your book pick BY the Friday 10/10/25 deadline. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA