# How to avoid marketing incest

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 01 May 2025 02:10:03 +0000
**ID:** 196899d3c11c5b84
---

I’ve been nattering on and on and on all week about the direct mail test we did last year to build our email list at Low Stress Trading. Well, here’s something else about that: We tested two piece to about 15,000 names. The goal was to generate opt-ins to an email list, from which we can then sell them on listening to a presentation, and from where they are then sold. Opt-ins were better than expected, especially despite us making some really embarrassing mistakes on the landing page. And when writing the postcards I ignored virtually all conventional copywriting advice. Especially advice that ultimately comes down to “you need to do what these other copywriters did!” marketing incest-like advice that merely reduces the process down to a 2005-level era Warrior Forum style checklist. Advice like: * Using bullets just for the sake of having bullets. (I am not against bullets, obviously, but I don’t use them at the expense of message and strategy.) * Plastering the postcards with the URLs whether it makes sense to put them somewhere or not. (I only have the URL in them once, at the very end, so only people who actually read it would come in correct, and not the illiterates or drooling, spittle-on-the-carpet biz opp zombies who we want nothing to do with.) * Teasing (blindly, no context, no real information, just “bEneFiTS!”) the free information promised without any context for, I guess, “maximum response” and no regard to qualifying the prospects first. * Signing it as if it was personally coming from my business partner Troy Broussard even though (1) Troy is introduced and named from the first paragraph until the end in both test pieces, and (2) anyone dumb enough to think it was personally written and sent to them is not qualified for the offer in the first place. Plus, there was no room anyway — literally every millimeter of real estate counted. * A P.S. just to put it there for the sake of it, to tick off some silly copywriting check list, even though it was not needed. * And so on, and so forth. None of the above are “bad” necessarily. So do not get me wrong here. I can already see some overly pedantic reply guy drafting up a 9-page essay appealing to their favorite copywriting goo-roos and books and courses. But the above all took a back seat to what I did focus on, and that I did to best use the very limited space I had to get the job done. The “job” being not to get maximum response or leads. But to get the right KIND of response and leads. And the May Email Players issue talks a lot about that specifically. For now I will just say this: 1. The winning postcard breaks several big copywriting goo-roo rules (not legit rules) and sets fire to all other copywriting checklists you’ve probably seen. Nobody who read the postcard that ended up winning thought it’d do that well compared to the losing postcard. In fact, the winning postcard was my “Hail Mary” version. i.e., it went for the touch down pass. Yet it got us the most opt-ins with half the unique clicks as the loser. 2. I (Troy says we both did, but I am falling on the sword with this one) made a very amateur mistake related to not making a landing page both desktop and landing page friendly. And that mistake almost certainly butchered our opt-ins. Even though opt-ins were still really good (the winner did 5x the industry average, the loser 3x), they could and should have been much better, I suspect. Especially since, soon after, we used the winning postcard as a space ad in the Oregon Eagle and noticed a sharp uptick in opt-ins soon after fixing that landing page error. But by then, 80%+ of the postcard leads had already visited the site. But even with our dumb landing page error we still got a healthy number of them. And we noticed they were super engaged leads. If anything, the vast majority (I am on all Troy’s live calls and take meticulous notes on when attention lags, questions asked, run time when people leave, how long they stay, when certain people drop off, etc) were staying for the entire presentation even though they run, on average, about two hours, or more! Them are some seriously qualified leads, to say the least. And to our shock not a single one has taken advantage of our guarantee. A guarantee I believe is one of the ballsiest in the industry. Thus, the curation copy did its job. Anyway, I believe direct mail is gonna be coming back in a big way for marketers in the know wanting to build and grow and email list - especially as online ad platforms get overrun with AI generated advertising just driving up the prices for everyone. And I want to make sure my boys & ghouls are prepped. Thus the May issue. It’s about the approach I took to writing the postcards. The deadline to get in on time is just about here though. When I send it to the printer tonight, that’ll be it. So if you want in, best hop to it, Pokey: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here are a few of the secrets I write about inside: * An introduction to the man who I believe is the greatest “unsung hero” of marketing funnels — and why you’ve probably never heard of him before. * An almost foolproof way to structure your marketing that can help sell any future offers you create well before you even create them. * The ugly little secret to starting off zoom sales presentations for helping get far more engagement and sales than you do now. * Best “sleeper” approach to copywriting for selling to completely trust-broken and severely jaded prospects who think every word you write is horse shyt. * The #1 thing to dig out of your research if you want maximum sales & response that has nothing to do with benefits, claims, stories, turn-of-phrases, or anything you probably see your Facebook friends talking about much less doing. * The “dope head” phenomenon I believe all financial offer copywriters ought to know about. (Or, really, even if you’re not in the financial offer niche. It applies across the board.) The link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA