# Why nobody likes zoomennials

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 19 Dec 2025 14:14:49 +0000
**ID:** 19b36f6a27a4d434
---

Sounds like a lot of them don't even like themselves. Case in point: One of my favorite “guilty pleasures” is Rob Liefeld comicbook art. Guy can’t draw feet worth shyte which even the latest Deadpool movie mocked. And he is the breathing definition of “your mistakes are your style.” But he co-created some of the most popular characters in comics (like Deadpool, for example). And a couple years ago, the website “Bounding Into Comics” did a great piece about something he wrote on his Facebook page I think everyone in business should read. Specifically, it was about hiring new talent. And even more specifically, hiring talent who are between Millennials and Gen Z. i.e., so-called “zoomennials” Here are some highlights about what Rob said: “The connective tissue is the age, these are individuals who are of an age between Millennials and Gen Z. The talents I let go are terrible with directions, they love to argue and have zero accountability.” “… the snap and deflection is unlike anything I’ve encountered in 36 years. . .I’ve really been fortunate to work with so many great talents over the course of my career, but this is a whole new era that has a different standard of the dread ‘entitlement.’” “This is absolutely a generational thing, a social media generation. It’s different than any age before. And it’s several people, not one guy, from across the globe. Complete lack of accountability, willingness to be flexible in terms of suggestions.” “I’ve broken 50-60 names into this business. 3 decades of young talent. This is a by product of so much of the new tech and social media.” After being in the software business the last six years I can attest. Some of these boys & ghouls are a whole other level of flakey. And for any zoomennials reading this: Just relax, Spanky. If you take the above personally you're merely proving his point. And if that is the case, then just do this: * hit the floor * do some angry pushups * realize it ain’t about YOU personally, but your generation as a whole Every generation has their flaws. LORD-KNOWS mine does. And some are worse than others, and in different ways. But the zoomennial generations' flaws - again, as a whole, not you, personally, Pumpkin, if you are a zoomennial reading this - just happens to be extreme flakiness, entitlement, neediness, and refusal to take responsibility for anything. It’s always someone else’s fault, never Precious’s fault. Yes, even though they’re the common denominator in every situation where they ain’t getting the success, results, praise, attention, credit, adoration they think they deserve in this mean, cruel world. IF that’s you, I got good news: You can reverse all that starting right now. Frankly, the vast majority of my audience is Gen X and boomers, followed by a healthy dose of Millennials, and with zoomers and so-called zoomenials making up a very small part of my world, and an even smaller part of my customer base. So due to the way I curate, I mostly only deal with the good ones anyway. i.e., I am 99% preaching to the choir here. Only reason I bring this up is because what Liefeld said about new tech & social media. It clearly has bred a new breed of troll and entitlement. And I ain’t just talking about zoomennials driving each other to suicide, self-mutilation, confusion about what gender they are, and hard drug abuse. I’ve seen otherwise polite and intellectually honest people of all ages, professions, and status reduce themselves to taking the basement-dwelling troll route on social media when challenged, corrected, or even so much as disagreed with. Social media truly lets the cuckoo out of the clock with a lot of people. Seems everything breaks down into either mindless shyt talking & personal insults. Or, worse, attempting to cancel others for the “crime” of wrong think. And while I can’t speak for anyone else: I always heard from way more trolls, haters, reply guy idiots, and other assorted bums when on social media than I ever have via email - which, I suspect is because one-on-one email doesn’t let trolls and reply guys grandstand and parasite off others’ audiences like a social media flame war can. Frankly, it was while on social media when I had to work out my Copy monetizing methods. Admittedly, I partly did it because it was fun. But mostly, I did it for survival in a place where people will shamelessly lie about you, slander you, dox you, and outright threaten you or your loved ones for so much as having a testimonial from someone they hate or, in one extreme case (that happened to Stefania) for simply not sharing their same taste in music! Anyway, doesn’t matter to me what you do with this info. Use it, ignore it, or profit from it as you see fit. But if you want help with the profit-side see my newest book: “Troll Profitear” If you get it during this weekend’s launch and at its launch discount price, I will also send you an extremely valuable bonus book that should help get any nasty taste out of your mind lingering as a result of reading about monetizing trolls (which can go to some dark places, as you will see should you read Troll Profitear). This bonus book I will send you is called: “The Zoe Tapes” This 266-page book is primarily made up of the transcripts of 60 videos I shot some years ago while walking the beach with my late dog Zoe, teaching some of the best, most valuable, and (in some cases) immediately profitable marketing/copywriting secrets I’ve ever taught and used in my own businesses. I do not sell this bonus book on its own anywhere else for any price. You can only get it free as a bonus by purchasing Troll Profitear before the deadline. You can get Troll Profitear at a special launch price + the Zoe Tape by doing this: 1. Go to the URL below 2. Read the letter carefully so you make an informed purchase 3. Use code GRUNT at the checkout (where it says “Add Referral Code”) by Sunday, December 21 at midnight EST Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/trolltears Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA