# The supposed death of copywriting

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 11 Sep 2025 22:15:22 +0000
**ID:** 1993ada03810c9ca
---

I was recently forwarded a link to Reddit about so-called AI and copywriting. Specifically, a Redditor was making predictions in a post titled: “Is copywriting clinically dead?” The Redditor said: “Copywriting feels clinically dead because AI can now produce content that is ‘good enough’ for the mass market. Just like people accept average AI-generated images, they accept AI-written text. This has raised the competition to an elite level, making it a dead zone where new copywriters can no longer find work.” There were a bunch of replies. Many agreeing with the doomsayer. But then I saw this gleaming gem of sanity in the replies: “Also just curious how long you’ve been doing this as someone who has so much to say and so many predictions to make about our industry? Because I see you posted 37 days ago that you’re interested in ‘starting out in copywriting’. Have you ever actually worked as a copywriter? Do you know anything about it?” This has been my experience with reply guys about so-called AI especially. “Give it two years, bro.” I don't know, Chachi. It’s been over two years since the last time these guys were parroting “give it two years, bro”... only for more holes in the Narrative to emerge, more businesses realizing it ain’t what it is, and that the supposed “freight train” coming that will supposedly replace most humans workers still hasn’t arrived, despite the doom sayers from two years ago saying it’d happen by now. These are, ironically, often the same terminally online people who tell others to “touch grass.” Pure glorious projection. In fact, amusing story about this: There was one big account on social media that said it’s obvious those questioning so-called AI have never read any of the papers (all written no doubt by companies selling AI of course) and "don’t understand linear algebra." Stefania forwarded it to me a while back after she showed it to me commenting: “Linear algebra explains how AI works, but not why it’s bad or why its use is bad. That’s like saying if you are against low income housing being built in your town, you don’t understand engineering.” But that’s your AI goo-roos for you. Lots of thinking - or so they say - but no actual knowledge. And probably no lived experience offline in the real world. A lot of these are the exact same naive anons who poured their life savings into buying NFTs. Something that is already obvious if you read their AI-generated posts, emails, comments, opinions, and “takes” - which most people can discern is fake from a mile away, with many outright rejecting it on sight. My favorite though are LinkedIn posts. Sometimes nearly every comment to a post about so-called AI is a copywriter using so-called AI to create a reply that draws from the exact same bank of AI-generated analogies each other uses in each others' posts. They all sound the same, using the same cadence, same turn-of-phrases, and the same fake posturing. The last sentence is always some non-human, wannabe philosopher-like line that thinks it's profound wisdom, but is really just something 100 other people have already said, all thinking they are the only ones using it. It’s really rather fascinating to watch it play out. I know, I know... “AI is the worst it’s going to be, bro” That’s certainly what they say. But the skepticism of people who see anything online now, and wondering if it’s generative AI - even if it isn’t AI, ironically enough - is the least it's ever going to be, too, until it all grinds to a creaking halt. Not unlike what Dan Kennedy calls "marketing incest" - except applied to content creation. Ain't nothing new under the sun, indeed. So I’ll just end on this note: One powerful skill to develop regardless of what happens, is learning how to create a “World” for your business that customers love to enter and hate to leave. A World you build, based on “you” - not a bank trained on the pure average of others' thoughts/content/ideas - and all the things unique about you that nobody else has, and that can help making getting customers, clients, and new business far easier and even more routine. My BizWorld book on Amazon is a solid intro to the subject. I’ve been writing about (and doing) World-Building for a long time. Way longer than anyone else talking about it. And you can read more about the book here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/bizworld Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA