# NASA data scientist reveals how PowerPoint presentations can vaporize sales

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 16 Sep 2025 12:44:38 +0000
**ID:** 199529004e9340a8
---

Once upon a time I wrote an email with the subject: “Why I don’t waste time with PowerPoint slides for public speaking or presentations” And it was about why PowerPoint slides - other than just having something on the screen to stare at, which I do sometimes - are probably the worst way to do presentations. That is, if you want people engaged & paying attention, absorbing the info, and not be bored out of their minds with you. Not to mention how PowerPoint slides dumb people down by default. Yes, I know goo-roos especially love their pretty PowerPoints. And I certainly have done my share of them when speaking at events. But when I wised up, my presentations got much more engaging & memorable. And I ain’t the only one. After reading that email, Email Players subscriber Kia Arian chimed with: === This reminds me of a lecture I attended while at NASA in the 90's by a renowned data scientist...Edward Tufte. Back then when powerpoint was all the rage, he was railing against it. He has a famous (and scathing) analysis of how the imminent danger of the damage to the Columbia Space Shuttle was obscured because of the dumbing down that the Powerpoint presentation did to the data and analysis. === The late, great Jim Camp (World's Most Feared Negotiator who often had multiple billion dollar deals going simultaneously, I am told) used to mock PowerPoints too. He'd say they are intended to create vision. But really, they just create boring intellectual information & objections. So what’s better than using PowerPoints, then? I’m glad you asked. It’s the same thing I believe happens to work better for selling than relying just on bullets, headlines, and persuasive sales copy I also just happen to talk about in my book selling at a discount this week “NOfluence.” During this week's sale (until Friday, 9/19 at midnight EDT) you can have it at a $120.00 discount (so for $480.00 instead of $600.00) off the listed price at the link below. Simply do this: 1. Go to the URL below 2. Read the sales letter very carefully - i.e., make an informed purchase 3. When “NOfluence” arrives read it right away. Then read it again. Then, read it a third time. After that apply to all your marketing, ads, emails, whenever possible. (the info won’t always apply all the time) Start thinking about the methods it teaches constantly - and look for them in life, as you’ll probably start to see them everywhere, learning from them everywhere, and they should become the proverbial “red pill” moment for your marketing education from that point forward. I cannot stress how powerful this information can be. And, also, how much impact it can potentially have on your sales. In fact, if I had only ONE way to sell, and I couldn’t do anything else, the info in “NOfluence” would be it. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/nofluence Use code AZRIEL at the checkout (where it says “add referral code” under the price) for the discount. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA