# Might as well just delete your email list now and get it over with

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 13 May 2025 15:45:11 +0000
**ID:** 196ca52522ce9c1c
---

The question of the hour is asked: "In your experience, what are the best ways to weed out non-buyers? I sometimes delete readers who haven't bought anything for over five years and only ask questions by email. One of the most important things I learned from you was the quality of the list, not its size. That's why I only focus on growing the buyer list, not the reader list. I would be interested in your best practices on how to weed out non-buyers via the daily email, so to speak." Here are my thoughts on it: * Do not whole cloth delete the non-buyers * After all, you never know when they will become buyers * The people replying are great to keep on your list for fodder (questions, trolls, ideas) * They are also great to keep on your list because Gmail, Hotmail, Yahoo, etc see them replying to you and see you are a real person, and that can potentially help your inbox deliverability - if anything, you should want more of them * If you want a clean list I suggest scrubbing your list * When scrubbing your list remove the bots and catch-all addresses “help@“ or “admin@“, “swipe@” and all the other ones probably nobody is checking or engaging with I will also say this: This has been coming up more and more and more over the past year or so. Probably some dork on social media will now say: “Ben says not to track!” No, that's not what I am saying at all, my little dumpling. What I am saying is that a lot of email tracking is unreliable. Useful? Yes, especially when looking at trends over time. Profitable? Of course, if you use it right. We even have tracking and automation mechanisms (designed by my biz partner Troy Broussard — an actual scientist, who gets how for real scientific testing works from being both a Navy Nuclear Engineer and from when he was the Executive Director of Technology for Encyclopedia Brittanica running a $12 million department of developers… not to mention when he was doing all the test/tracking/automation for as many as 50 million emails per month as a consultant) baked in BerserkerMail, after all. But if you think all the major email clients from Gmail to Yahoo to Hotmail to Protonmail to Apple's Mail and everyone in between are not making it harder — and certainly not easier — to track, by design, to protect their users from you… then, well, I don’t know what to tell you. Go ahead and set fire to your whole list for all I care. Because if you keep deleting good leads whole cloth you might as well being doing that. My opinion. But it’s also been my experience, too, for over 20 years. When you send emails people want to read that sell offers people want, you start seeing how many people are buying without being tracked. You also start to see how many are not shown as opening or clicking anything yet you still see them buying. Have seen this more times than I can count. And many of my own customers have been seeing the same thing. All right that’ll do it for today. To get a free BerserkerMail test drive, along with an eBook I wrote about how to prosper with email even during a worldwide financial crisis (something quite relevant, if you are keeping up with current events at all) in the BerserkerMail mobile app use this link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/berserker Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA