# I don’t care if you cut your balls off if you feel that strong about it

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 07 Jun 2025 12:44:45 +0000
**ID:** 1974a6d346657234
---

So the Apostle Paul more or less said in Galatians 5:12. (about a bunch of agitators still pushing circumcision haunting them) Before the sob sisters who're too nice for God hold a candlelight vigil: Paul spoke colloquial Greek (“street Greek”). Lots of plain speech normies would understand, even if the snob class were offended. Just like when he said his whole life (guy helped murder Christians before his conversion) was dung before turning to Christ, which is probably more accurately translated into English as a big pile of shit. General Patton used to say if you NEED to get a point across to save live give it dirty. Not from the pulpit, obviously. But sometimes you have to say crude things to get attention. Paul certainly did, as did God throughout the Old Testament. The irony: Social media and the glut of books with “f*ck” (misspelled exactly like that) in the title by the edge lords has switched this all around - where now NOT sounding like a slurring lunatic raving obscenities is more likely to get you noticed. Whatever the case: For more more copywriting & marketing secrets embedded within the Good Book, check out: “Email Players Annual #3: Copywriting Conversations With God” I originally gifted it to Email Players subscribers last August (to celebrate the newsletter’s 13-year anniversary). And it’s an oversized (in physical size and word count) 68-page issue that exists outside the continuity of the main issues - and contains some of my favorite copywriting & marketing tips inside the Bible. It’s also something I’m making available for sale to the masses, along with an extremely valuable bonus (see the PS below) until tomorrow, Sunday 6/8 at midnight EDT. Anyway, you can learn more about it here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/convo Ben Settle P.S. As for the bonus, it’s called: "The Stefania Files: Vol 5” A few of the tips inside include: * What to do when closing copywriting clients that can make it far more likely they will test your ads without bogging you down with a bunch of stupid changes and “notes.” * How I got one of my highest paying clients without having to show him my portfolio or any samples. (In fact, he contacted me with the full intention of already wanting to hire me, and only me, due to this simple thing I did.) * A research secret for rapidly learning a new market to the point where you might even know the people in that market better than their own mothers or spouses do! * A sneaky way to use Big Brother regulations & consumer protection laws to make your sales copy far stronger, far more engaging, and potentially far more profitable. * Why you should probably ignore most “Agora” copywriters who talk about their test results. (Personally, I am more likely to do the opposite of what any of their writers say - and it hasn’t failed me yet.) * A controversial thing Vogue magazine does to make all kinds of extra revenue that most info marketers are terrified of even testing much less doing. * Why snobby, overly pedantic copywriters who never use a passive voice in their ads are probably losing out on a lot of engagement, response, and sales. (Fun fact: the first page of The Hobbit is rife with passive voice - so are a lot of best-selling books. There’s a reason for that which also can help make sales copy more powerful, too.) * A secret technique you can apply after approximately every 10th bullet point in long copy sales letters to help keep reader attention, engagement, and interest. * A quickie, “idiot’s guide” (I use in my own long form ads and nearly all my emails) to balance copy with just the right amount of information and sales pitch to help nab more engagement and sales. * How swiping so-called “boiler plate” legalese and disclaimers can potentially get you sued out of house and home! (No joke - there are, from what I understand, attorneys who literally wait for cheap skates to rip off their legal disclaimers. It can be almost like a profit center for them!) And that’s just for starters. You can read more of what’s inside at the link. Also, very important: You’ll need a smart phone or iPad to access this bonus. So keep that in mind before buying this offer if you want this bonus. Here’s the link again: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/convo This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA