# Neurological discovery has radical ramifications for content creators

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 08 Aug 2025 02:45:26 +0000
**ID:** 1988791b32c97443
---

Not long ago, I read something online about getting over creative blocks. And how, neurologically, what can work like crazy for getting past that block is to simply go read something on a topic you know nothing about. When you do so, your brain creates fresh new neuro-pathways. Then, when you go back to creating whatever content you are experiencing a block with, you'll bring those new connections & pathways with you, to help eliminate it and sally forth on towards what you need to do. Very intriguing advice. The fapGPT-addicted fanboy mind can't comprehend it, and so probably won’t find it useful or impressive. But then again, these are the same guys who really think using a tool constantly trained on the pure average is going to make them genius content creators and not NPC citizens of Idiocracy. So they're on their own. Let’s talk about another kind of block: Specifically, the product creation block. Far as I can tell, the #1 thing that blocks people from growing a smooth-as-honey business, where you can just get up, pound (i.e., write in one draft, not prompt and then have to edit to make it sound "human" or whatever) out an email, and be done with your day (if you choose), is… Not having a product to sell. You can have all the email know-how in the world. But, if you got nuttin’ to sell and/or no list to sell it to, it’s like having a souped-up car without a steering wheel. It’s also the nagging thing that prevents people from subscribing to my “Email Players” newsletter. And that’s simply unacceptable to a guy like me. Thus, my transparently greedy & selfish motive for publishing my "Breakneck Content" book. It will not teach you anything about the list or email-side of things specifically. But, it does cover dozens of secrets, tips, and methods for banging out all the content you can use to create products, as well as emails, videos, blog posts, bonuses, membership site trainings, even fiction (as I have), and whatever else you need for your business… all potentially very quickly, and with as little pain as possible, and sometimes in just minutes per day, all in your own words, with your own brain, with no so-called AI necessary. Yes, I want to help make your business as successful as possible. But not out of the kindness of my spleen. It is admittedly pure, unadulterated selfishness! I want more people to know how to create content so they can create products so they have a reason and purpose to use MY product. And this book gives short "bursts" of tips - most are around 250 words long, tops - intended for any person in business not afraid to work and who can problem solve, and who is eager to experiment to apply, or adapt for whatever kind of content you need to create for your business. So to help me, help you, help ourselves, here’s the deal: The deadline to get this book at a 20% discount is tomorrow, Friday 8/8 at midnight EDT. To hop on this deal do this: 1. Buy it before the deadline at the link below 2. Use code FAST at the checkout (where it says "add referral code") 3. Make sure you see the price change before entering your credit card info Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/breakneck Ben Settle P.S. This book is very small, very short, and very expensive. If you judge information by weight & volume then it’ll be a gigantic waste of money for you. It’s simple, “meat & potatoes” info I’ve used to pump out enormous amounts of content quickly over the last couple decades. However, it requires both thinking & ambition to use. And if you need hand-holding, coddling, or so-called AI then you should probably pass on buying it. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA