# Passing a copywriting-sized kidney stone

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 17 May 2025 12:14:49 +0000
**ID:** 196de2cfd9c973fa
---

A real life, "chair squirming" uncomfortable copywriting lesson: Some years back, I was reading the day-by-day adventures of a chick on social media I knew from selling in the MLM market who was passing a kidney stone. It sounded excruciating, too. I don’t remember how many days it took her to lay that egg and get it over with, but it was horrifying just reading about it. It was also “world class” copywriting in action. Even though she wasn’t selling anything. And even though that was not her intent. How so? I know for a fact (others I know were also getting the play-by-play) I was not the only person watching, being filled with horror, and hoping to God Almighty that didn’t happen to us. Just as I know I was not the only one reading about her agony who found myself Googling the subject of kidney stone prevention, spending money on specific kinds of supplements, making sure I’m getting enough water, checking to see my family history of kidney stones, looking up symptoms, causes, remedies, etc. Again, she wasn’t even selling anything. Yet, she definitely sold many of us, if’n you catch my drift. That’s copywriting at its finest, in my opinion: A Vision of a problem, but that also offers to sell you a solution you’d crawl through a field of broken glass to get your hands on, regardless of price, inconvenience, or difficulty. Not every market & product lends itself to this. But the more clearly-defined & horrifying the pain the more it can apply. And my Copy Slacker book — on sale for only a bit longer until tomorrow — can give you a proven framework for going about selling in a way that can help your business get this kind of effect from your sales copy, in my experience. This fat 800+ page monster of a book ain’t cheap. And I certainly wouldn’t suggest letting it drop on your foot. But if you want it while it’s on sale, then go to the URL below and buy it before tomorrow’s (Sunday 5/18 at midnight EDT) discount using the code below at the cart. Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/slacker Use code: ROPER at the checkout. Make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA