# How to give fiction readers blue balls

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 02 Aug 2025 00:44:35 +0000
**ID:** 198683ce515ebd5b
---

Most people on my list probably don’t care about my fiction. But for the diehards who do: Something that’s been on my mind lately since the new “Dexter: Resurrection” show dropped, is it got me to remembering how “Dexter: New Blood’s" ending was so stupid and rushed and unsatisfying... it is what motivated me to do the 9th, and final, Enoch Wars novel in the series "Serpent Seed." Like Dexter's ending, it made me realize I'd dropped the ball on its original ending in book 8. Book 8 ("God Blood") in the series is 14 loosely connected stories expanding the lore from the first 7 books. And it was intended to be a "one and done" bonus type book to be read or not read. But, instead, I unintentionally dug the hole even deeper by ending it on a cliff hanger. I couldn't help it, it just sort of... happened. And as a result: I created a new ending that was even more open ended than the original ending in book 7 (the original series end), and just gave reader's a hot case of blue balls going by what people told me. "Ben when are you going to finish this, you can't just leave it that way!" I tried not thinking about it and ignored them for nearly 3 years. I was a tad burned out on writing fiction after 8 books. But that “Dexter: New Blood" crap ending I mentioned earlier put my excuses on the table, wrapped them in plastic, and... plunged a blood-soaked knife through them. And I’m glad it did: Because the 9th book I wrote after that is the best by far, turned out way better than I could ever have hoped for, and was even therapeutic to write in many ways. Email Players subscriber Daniel Throssell (who even wrote the intro to "God Blood" - soon to be on Audible, incidentally), my novels’ publisher Greg Perry, and Stefania especially enjoyed it. (Biased as the latter two are, but still...) In fact, Daniel told me it stuck in his head for weeks, and he'd have to read it a few more times. But had I written Serpent Seed both before Willis was born and before my late dog Zoe passed (the epilogue was written a few days after she died, which I waited to for deliberately, for reasons that may or may not be obvious to the reader) it'd have been a much weaker book. It took several months to write and edit it, much of it worked on while my dog was slowly dying each day, laying at my feet, very little sleep, and grinding it out day after day. Cue the fapGPT fanboys: "Ben too bad you didn't just use AI lol!" No, the joy of writing all that fiction was not in speed or style or "good writing" (they ain't exactly Shakespeare) ... it was in the bleeding, constant rewriting, burgeoning floodgates of thoughts/emotion/memories/inspirations/ego/pain/joy/frustrations and even timing that can only come from battling the blank page, procrastination, doubt, uncertainty, and the list goes on. Leaving a bit of your soul out there for your fans to partake of. If writing fiction was easy everyone would do it. But it ain't easy - nor is it supposed to be anymore than learning any other craft. I will even admit it's tempting to retreat into writing emails or non-fiction when it is time to write fiction, as emails and non-fiction are way easier. But despite the inherent pressure & anxiety created by the unknown, and the time spent, that comes with writing fiction... I have nothing but pleasant memories cutting & slashing my way through all 9 of those novels, creating a World fans engross themselves in, and seeing the entertainment it has given those I've heard from. I suspect a lot of fiction writers are, at heart, hams. Anyway, not sure where else I am going with this, so let's wrap up. If you want to read the first novel in my Enoch Wars series free, see the Enoch Wars mobile app. There is no opt-ing in required (yet), and you can not only read the first novel free in eBook, audio book, or screenplay format... but there are also writing and business tips inside there, too. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/enochwars Ben Settle P.S. As for the next series of novels... They've been living in my brain for several years. But unlike my Enoch Wars novels, they won't be horror novels, but more sci-fie/supernatural thriller. At least, that is how it looks in my head at the moment. One never really knows until words are actually being written. I intended to start writing them at the end of 2024 but instead dived in to learning Low Stress Trading. Now that I got that dialed in, it's back to fiction later this year. If you are putting off writing fiction, here is my advice: Don't put it off. Just start writing, don't worry about if it's good, bad, or fugly... just write. Probably one of the best inspirations for this is to log onto YouTube and listen to Sylvester Stallone - who is one of the most underrated writers on the planet imo - talk about his writing process. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA