# No, no, no, no. There's two “Ts” in Settle, boys.

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 10 Jul 2025 12:44:53 +0000
**ID:** 197f45e1bf829aa2
---

Today's my birthday and I'm celebrating with a pompous, arrogant, & totally self-indulgent email. Once upon a time a reader asked: “…on many lists and see lot of experts saying they are THE person to learn from. Why u? Everyone has testimonials and clams being the greatest. What makes u different? Do not take as trolling I am new trying to get handle on things thanks!” At the risk of sounding like a megalomaniacal techno-despot, my answer is: Seizing a corner of our industry and recreating it in my own image. For example: * While every online marketer and his father is drooling on the carpet mindlessly debating politics online all day… last year I bought ownership in Email Players subscriber Richard Emmons' Oregon Eagle newspaper, where we’re helping pro freedom candidates actually have a shot at winning against one of the most corrupted and evil political machines this country has ever known. * While copywriters are on social media grandstanding about the importance of “storytelling!”… I’ve written 9 novels (my Enoch Wars saga), turned the first novel into a screenplay (and eventually probably a graphic novel), with a second series of novels on the way later this year… plus a series of running comicbook-style ad storylines I’ve been publishing in Email Players since 2019 and will continue to write & publish next year. * While everyone is crowing about how they are a world class expert at crypto and investing… I went and bought ownership in what is fast becoming THE premier Options trading coaching program (Low Stress Trading) on the planet.... with testimonials so surreal (including a zinger from the former CMO of Agora Financial’s Legacy Research, who uses it himself now) we can’t even use a lot of them due to big brother laws/rules/regulations. * While the content creation goo-roos and infloo-encers are busy nattering on all day about content creation, how to create content, how to sell content & be a content creator… or, more amusingly, “prompting” content... I invested in a platform designed & created for ultra-engaged content creation & distribution (Learnistic) using mobile app technology. * While every online marketing ex-spurt and his mother is debating about what the best shopping cart is, and playing musical chairs switching carts all the times, we are building our own online marketer’s “wet dream” cart platform (ContraCart) that’ll probably be for sale next year some time. * While email goo-roos spend all day on SOCIAL MEDIA (not in email, of course) pounding their chests to the make money online crowd nattering on about opens, clicks, deliverability... I have financed (with money made from, yes, ending emails selling my own offers to my own lists & businesses…) and co-built with Troy Broussard (former Navy Nuclear Engineer-turned-world class email marketing automation specialist) our own platform called BerserkerMail. * While freelancers are out there worried about so-called AI taking their jobs, sucking away the fun out of their craft, dealing with start-up amateur clients thinking they can ‘save money’ by replacing legit copywriting talent with fapGPT... I created (for my own use at first) my own methodology for becoming my own client over a decade ago that makes me immune to such things. After all, how exactly is AI gonna replace me in my own companies? That’d be quite the trick... Last year I also put said methodology into a framework that AWAI now sells called "Client-less Copywriter". So that’s my obnoxiously self righteous answer to what makes me different. For more info on the last bit above (Client-less Copywriter) see the URL below. It’s still on sale at a fat discount until tomorrow (7/11/25) at midnight EDT. And it’s the exact framework I used to go from being a freelance licking client boots to being my own client, running my own show, and having a helluva lot more fun & being able to write the copy I want vs being forced to filter everything through a committee of chuckleheads who all contradicted each other, screwed up the copy, thought they could point the finger at me if something went wrong. I can only imagine how frustrating this is now during the “AI” gold rush. Whatever the case, that’s all I got today. All right, back I go to celebrating being another year closer to death… Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/clientless Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA