# Shooting down the fapGPT copywriting fanboys

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 18 May 2025 18:20:06 +0000
**ID:** 196e4a14f01c29af
---

Later this year I’m selling yet another book about monetizing trolls. Like a “sequel” to my popular Copy Troll book. And a couple months ago I finished writing the sales letter for it. And while writing the sales letter I may have written the single best bullet/fascination of my copywriting career, although it won't look like it to the “uninitiated” into my bullet-writing ways. Or, really, anyone with only a superficial knowledge on the subject. People squirting out bullets with fapGPT will have no clue, as usual. But either way: Bullets is something the vast majority of copywriters shallowly think have to be about benefits and claims with a “how to” or a “why” or a number of ways before it. And while pure claims and benefits can obviously make great bullets, they rarely make the best bullets that turn the sale, in my experience, and from observing the best bullet/fascination-writers in the game over the last nearly 25 years up in this business. In my opinion, which also just happens to be a fact: The best bullets - especially going by people who have told me over the years which bullet "got" them to buy, at least - often have zero benefit or claim. Mel Martin was the undisputed heavyweight champion of the world at writing these kinds of bullets. Nobody better then or since, far as I’m concerned. He was like the "Johnny Carson" of bullets: just like no other late night talk show host, no matter how successful, could ever really duplicate Carson or match his success, so it is with Mel Martin's bullets. Specifically: Bullets that have the whiff of a benefit, a hint of a unique way of doing something that sounds almost impossible or is so bizarre it almost can't be true, but also with a strong "marine layer" of irresistible curiosity, controversy, conflict, and also even comedy bake into it to the point where it’s nearly invisible. It is not easy to pull these kinds of bullets off. Especially if you or your client don't write in an infotaining way. Or if the offer being sold is not all that great or created with any nuance. But if you can, it can work what might look like miracles for your engagement, response, and sales. And it can be especially useful as the FIRST bullet of the ad. Or, in some cases, even become the headline. In the meantime: If you want to learn my way of writing bullets see my Copy Slacker book. It ain’t cheap, but I am taking the sting out of the price for a few more hours until midnight, tonight, Sunday 5/18 if you use the code below. Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/slacker Use code: ROPER at the checkout. Make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA