# Why your customers utterly despise you for your cheap prices

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 28 Jun 2025 11:45:27 +0000
**ID:** 197b65cd949adef9
---

If you suck at figuring out how to price your offers, despair not. Actor Denholm Ellitott who played Coleman who played the butler in one of my all-time favorite movies that also stars Dan Aykroyd and Eddie Murphy “- Trading Places”- can give you some guidance. “Coleman” ‘splains how he got paid more for the movie than he would have otherwise: “My agent said, ‘If you accept the terms of the contract they are offering you, they will despise you. I know the Americans. You are not asking for enough money or first-class transportation or a very good hotel. Your per diem is ridiculous and your billing is non-existent.’ Five days later they came back with double everything. I had a flight on the Concorde, the best hotel, star billing, everything. There’s sort of a gratitude in their eyes that you got twice the amount of cash out of them because they think they are buying something. If they think they got you cheap, they are worried about it.” There is a lifetime of business wisdom in that one quote. Especially when it comes to pricing. Probably one of the most-asked questions I get from Email Players subscribers (who can email me their questions and I answer them, not something I do outside of Email Players or my friends) is about pricing. “How much should I charge?” “Help me with what fees to set!” “I don’t know how much I should price my offers/services...” I cannot and never do answer that. Nobody can do that for them. There are far too many logistics and moving parts involved - both tangible and intangible. But what I can say is, when in doubt, you will get more respect, have your service used & more eagerly implemented, and set an agenda with clients that is likely to last for many years to come... by NOT devaluing your business, your skills, and your work. The cheaper you are, the less respected and the more despised you are. There are exceptions to this at times, if your positioning game is tight. But when I did client work, for example, the more I charged, the more likely they ran my copy and tested my ideas. The less I charged, the more likely they would not even run it at all or would have a committee of idiots try to “fix” it. When I only sold low priced offers, the more problem customers and complainers I’d hear from. When I jacked up prices, the less problem customers and complainers I’d hear from - who implement, are successful, and cheerfully refer more customers to me. Nobody refers quality customers/clients to you if you’re cheap. Even if they do, they won’t be the kind of customers/clients most would want. Just go to Walmart to see this phenomenon in the “wild”, in real time. The entire store is based on cheap, caters to cheap, and is built around cheap. Many years ago I wrote a sales letter for an offer that shows businesses how to get their products into Walmart. And the Walmart buyers will squeeze every last drop of profit they can from your squealing, exhausted piggy bank in the service of cheap. It shows, too. Walmart is the retail version of a casino. Literally. I want nothing to do with the place, personally, other than to observe how they merchandise offers in there which is, admittedly, brilliant, and something I apply to my own business. All right so that’s that. As I’ve been saying the last few days: Some of the best business & marketing knowledge you can learn ain’t necessarily in another book, course, mastermind, seminar, or social media listicle. Certainly it’s not from the gaggle of goo-roos suddenly grifting to the so-called AI circus, who now all sound like a bunch of carnival clowns honking at each other. No, I argue it’s by studying high paid actors and Performers in Hollywood - how they approach their work, how they think, and how they get paid lots of money as a result. So it is in the July Email Players issue. All kinds of profitable insights from Hollyweird awaits you inside. Extremely timely stuff, too. Especially if you’ve been seeing your business take a lot of hits this year. The deadline to subscribe is in two short days. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Some of the tips inside the July Email Players issue include: * The “you can go to hell!” headline (or subject line) secret to getting so much engagement it’ll probably freak you out the first time you use it. * A crazy-ass Method Acting trick that helped my sales copy build a six figure per month business in the golf niche. (I’d never even played golf at the time, yet this trick beat the hell out of the control written by a far more seasoned golf niche copywriter right out the gate.) * The “multiple personality” phenomenon for writing world class email and sales copy. (If you haven’t “heard” the voices of the markets you’ve written to haunting your psyche 24/7 years after writing the copy, it means you’re still sane, but probably not making the sales you could. Use at your own risk.) * The semi-insulting reason reason Email Players subscribers without the ability to think abstractly struggle with using the content. (Something to consider before subscribing - don’t say you weren’t warned.) * How to make your emails, social media, sales copy more fun for people to consume than their favorite Netflix, Hulu, Apple, Amazon, and other streaming shows/movies. * An ingenious method (used by Marlon Brando in his most celebrated roles) that can potentially ramp up your email engagement and sales as much as 2 or even 3x over time . * A sneaky acting technique (I’ve never seen a single marketing goo-roo teach) seen in “The Godfather” that created chillingly perfect performances... and how to use it to create such almost chillingly strong relationships with your leads, prospects, customers, and clients they may not want to buy from anyone BUT you. * Advice to people who write emails and social media posts in advance to potentially cut your writing time in half - and without using TikTok brain-level generative AI. * The single best free resource (found on Facebook) I’ve ever used for hammering out infotaining emails, social media posts, audio/video content, and even sales copy. (Next time you get “stuck” for ideas simply go to this Facebook page, read a post or two, and watch as interesting, engaging, and cashflow-creating content will probably flow right out of your brain. That’s been my experience, at least.) * A shrewd market research tip from actor Christopher Lloyd that make your business a pile of new sales almost immediately - and possibly even the first time you use it. (A caveat: if you suck at pattern recognition this tip WILL NOT work. Fair warning...) * The 6-word “folk horror” secret behind some of the highest grossing sales letters ever penned. * The little-talked about infotaining sales letter/email template (used in certain Gary Halbert and John Carlton ads - if you know what to look for) I’ve been quietly using in my most engaging content for over 20 years. * A beat-for-beat breakdown of one of the most profitable emails I’ve ever written that was 14 PAGES long! (Email goo-roos saying long emails don’t “work” should be ignored. And this email proves it. Inside I walk you through my 14-page monster you can probably use in your very next email to get more engagement & sales, if you choose.) * The “never have to worry about money ever again” secret used by Bruce Willis and Samuel Jackson to get all the money, fame, and respect they could stand... even though they made far MORE box office duds than successes. (This trick was also used by Stallone, Keanu Reeves, Mel Gibson, Arnold, and others... and if you know what you’re doing, you can apply this directly to your own business to STEAL engagement and sales right out from under your competitors’ noses.) * A dire warning from a Mad Man-era advertiser whose advice seems almost like prophecy today for anyone using generative so-called “AI” to create content. Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA