# How Walt Disney tricked his brain into being super productive

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 11 Dec 2025 16:44:44 +0000
**ID:** 19b0e4e19ff0b7c7
---

I shared the following in my Settleheads Facebook group recently. Specifically, I showed a penciled page of Marvel superheroes from the professional comicbook artist who does a lot of work for Marvel & DC, and who I hired to draw the first Email Players comicbook issue a few years ago. In fact, I liked his work on my own comicbook so much, I bought & framed all 36-pages of the original artwork. Most comicbook artists draw digitally, but he still does it on boards. So now I had 36 framed pieces of original artwork. Which has long since posed a bit of a problem. And that problem is, I still am not sure where to hang them all. My house is already basically an art gallery full of my own IP - of framed book covers, framed comicbook-style ads, framed software graphics, and framed novel covers, Email Players Annuals covers, & other business-related artwork. Very shamelessly commercialized rooms making visitors roll their eyes. But it all serves to inspire me to work more. And to create more. And to impose more headaches on Stefania to find wall space for it all. This is actually an old timey day motivation trick Walt Disney. There’s an interview with the late Ray Bradury (the famous sci fi author) who personally knew Walt. And he said Walt filling his environment with his own IP and art and creations and characters was a big factor in what kept the guy constantly motivated, constantly building, constantly growing, and constantly creating... even though he had a personality that gravitated towards procrastination as much as the next guy. Anyway, so that’s the story behind that. And if the idea of creating your own comicbook stories and/or comicbook-style advertising for your business like I have been cranking out over the past nearly 7 years, then I’ve got some good news for you: My esoteric book “Markauteur” is on sale today only. It’s about the approach I take to the design-side of business. And one of many things it teaches is how to create comicbook-style ads. This book is easily one of the most valuable I’ve written. Yes, even though it’s only about the visual & design-side of business. And, also, even though there is no “do this, this, and this to make more profits!” checklists or swipes or other marketing prole bait. Those who are in to World-Building can get an especially lot of value from it. More: According to the great Ken McCathy (pioneer of online marketing - whose early1990's discoveries have long since been used by Google & Facebook as their billion dollar business models), Markauteur is a “thinking man’s book.” Specifically, he said: === This is amazing and unique thinking. Thinking is rare enough. Unique thinking? I just don't see it very often - from any quarter. It's bit like a UFO has landed on my front lawn and I'm trying to figure out what it's made of and how it flies. I wish you could have met Gene Schwartz. He recommended copywriters go to see every movie that grosses over $100 million. He would have loved how far you've gone down the popular entertainment rabbit hole and what gems of insight you've come back with. I put this book in the category of "crazy good". (My highest rating.) === In other words: Low info swipers & creatively bankrupt AI prompters’ll get zero value from it. Snobby “everything has to look professional” designers will probably balk at it. And the “everything has to be low brow & ugly!” marketers will hate it. But I also believe those on my list and inside my business’s World - brought in by, in many cases, the designs & visuals of my offers, sites, etc - who “get” my wiles, who like to get cerebral and deep, and who have a bunch of my other books and have liked them precisely because they are not checklists & hacks or whatever… will get a ton of value from it. Both in the short and long term. Markauteur is on sale for 25% off during today’s 12-hour “Seasons Emailings” sale. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/design Use code POMPOUS at the checkout (where it says “add referral code”) for the discount, and make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle P.S. Here is what the great “Professor of Harsh Reality” himself Dan Kennedy says about Markauteur: === "I HAVE 11 POST-IT'D PLACES, MARKED TO RETURN TO, SHARE ONE WAY OR THE OTHER” I have fully read MARKAUTEUR. The book is brilliant. I have 11 Post-It'd places, marked to return to, share one way or the other. What is most to be admired, I think, is the transparency. Your book baldly, nakedly explains what you did, do, why and how. I've pretty much shown how my tricks are done my whole career; sold the same plan that l use, but this is rare, a rare kind of courage. Your book is that. The front and back covers are fantastic. Your "dominate the bookshelf" is THE fight of fights I have with some clients and with our members at large. I keep telling them nobody stands in front of bookshelves to admire a thumb-drive. Your presentation of Ogilvy is beautiful and concise. - Dan S. Kennedy Author, ’No BS’ book series This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA