# Advice to a copywriting blockhead

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 26 Apr 2025 23:50:21 +0000
**ID:** 19674829be8c0702
---

Who asked: === When I do my research about my avatar, i feel a block in my head when it comes to write every piece of copy Is it because of inexperience, a burnout?? I’ll be glad to know your opinion about this too! === First up: he’s not a blockhead. The fact he asked this question means he’s on the right trajectory and I hereby declare he will be just fine. In this case, it sounds like he’s using the wrong approach to the research-side of things. Do the research right and the copy often practically writes itself. The market has "written" my ad copy many-a-time. Some of my best headlines were probably 95%+ written for me BY the market. My job was to receive it and write it down in a more dramatic & structured way. As for how to approach your own ads this way? That’s what I just so happened to have written in detail about in the May Email Players issue. It’s all about the approach I took (including the research) for a direct mail project where were using good, ol snail mail to drive traffic to an opt-in page to grow our email list over at Low Stress Trading. It was quite the edu-ma-cation too. And, I talk a lot about the research side. The ‘writing’ only took about an hour. And the research was the reason why. To subscribe before the looming deadline go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here are a few of the tips inside the May issue: * A sneaky persuasion trick (straight from one of the single most successful phone salesman who ever lived) that can make prospects far more likely to want to buy from your ads. * The strange but true reason why NOT including 1-click upsells in your funnel can potentially make your business more sales. * Why the headline is NOT always the #1 part of an ad to spend most of your time on. (Headlines are extremely important, but nowhere near as much as they were pre-internet with unlimited pre-selling devices already seen well before the ad. These days, I spend far more time on THIS part explained inside than anything else, and the results have been speaking for themselves, to say the least.) * The “magic genie” secret behind some of the highest pulling sales letters and ads (including some ads written by total amateurs) ever written going back nearly 100 years. * A grizzled old school salesman’s note-taking technique that helped him sell high priced offers to complete strangers who didn’t even know the product existed 5 minutes earlier. (And exactly how to apply it to your next copywriting project.) * Tricks for staying off the bureaucratic radars of big brother in your advertising. Go here to subscribe before the deadline: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA