# The trouble with copywriters who write fiction

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 17 Jun 2025 14:45:31 +0000
**ID:** 1977e5a5f72d44e7
---

A question from a copywriter who writes fiction: "I'd been writing fiction on online RPG forums for years before I took on the mantle of copywriting... so I had a question for you. (Heck, I don't even know if you reply to emails from strangers at all but what the hell.) Would you say that a background of fiction writing can be a compelling USP to use as a copywriter?" My thoughts on this: 1. Hardcore direct response clients may or may not care or see the value in it 2. A lot of them might even yawn when they read yet another, “I always knew I wanted to be a writer since I emerged from the womb, pen in hand…” story from a copywriter, it’s almost like a trope these days 3. That does not mean you shouldn’t exploit your experience though 4. Especially to differentiate yourself from other copywriters who can't formulate a thought without brainstorming with so-called AI, or who can only parrot Joseph Campbell’s hero's journey shtick when talking about storytelling and (like Campbell) have never done any real fiction writing, like you have Example: I’ve written 9 novels so far with more on the way. And you can bet your sour puckering bee-hind I use that for credibility-building. It’s mentioned on my home page. I mention it in emails when applicable (like this one). And if I was selling copywriting services it would be mentioned in pitches for that, as one of many USP’s. The USP (“unique selling proposition” for the uninitiated) as the great Rosser Reeves taught it had to do with short commercials, where you really did only have time and luxury to squeeze in one big reason to buy from your business. Today? With the ability to stack direct mail, internet, emails, social media, mobile app tech, online community, etc to the same audience you can have literally dozens of USPs, spread out through multiple marketing media, over time, at all times, any time you want. And I daresay bullets are an especially great place to fire ‘em off. The more the merrier and the better the chances one turns a buyer on. Far as I’m concerned it’s all about the bullets, and like Gary Halbert used to teach: The faster you get to the bullets in the ad the better. And the more bullets you have, probably the better your copy will pull. That is, assuming you know how to write them. Something, not-so-coincidentally, my book “Copy Salesliloquies: Vol 1” goes into a lot of depth on, since it (1) has some line-by-line breakdowns of my ads (2) those ads are all very “bullet heavy” - with 90% or so of all that copy probably being bullets. If this interests you, here are the details: This book includes the June 2020, February 2021, June 2021, & May 2022 Email Players issues which were all about copywriting. Plus, it also includes the transcripts of a couple intense line-by-line sales letter analyses (for my Subscription Biz & Social Lair book offers) I did for our $499/month Profit Pirates coaching clients. Lots of stuff I either couldn’t fit into my Copy Slacker book (already 800+ pages). Or stuff I learned since writing Copy Slacker. And before you even ask: No, you do NOT need Copy Slacker to learn from the info in this book. If anything, it serves as a nifty “prequel” (or sequel if you already possess it) to my Copy Slacker book you can learn from regardless of your experience, knowledge, or skill level now. It’s also on sale at a fat discount until Friday June 20 at midnight, EDT. Simply do this: 1. Go to the URL below 2. Read the letter carefully to make an informed purchase 3. Use code WILLIS at the checkout (Make sure you see the price change before entering your info) http://www.EmailPlayers.com/salesliloquies1 Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA