# Caveman’s guide to tracking marketing metrics

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 18 Oct 2025 13:44:46 +0000
**ID:** 199f79271abd2dbb
---

A customer (not sure he wants me naming him) once asked: === Hi Ben, With Email Players - or any other continuity product - what numbers do you actually track, specifically? Im thinking: Churn rate New sales How those new sales do later in terms of member retention Anything else meaningful? === Survey says: I couldn't care less about anything but sales and sales trends over time. If I was running paid cold traffic to an opt-in page obviously I'd be tracking that (to the sale - and I have) to make sure I'm getting a decent ROI. But I don't run cold traffic to my site right now. And outside of focusing on sales trends over time, I mostly focus on writing (yes, the old fashioned caveman way) the best content I can - which is 100% in my control - to serve the kind of customers I enjoy selling to and can best help... and then selling that content with daily emails in a way that qualifies who I want, and disqualifies who I don't want. And no... I’m not saying to never track or to whole cloth ignore your numbers. And I am fully aware my way is not necessarily feasible for all businesses in all cases. So to ask me "But what about AGORA!!!" is to miss the point. But since I was asked in the question above: People obsessing over numbers/stats/metrics they cannot control is just majoring in the minors. Personally, I focus on writing better emails, paying more attention to what comes back from those emails (money, engagement, questions, trolling, drive by snark, testimonials, whatever it is), and then using that info to help me feel & interpret what future content to write, what offers to create, and how to sell it far more than a bunch of ever-changing open rates or other soft metrics have. Not very sexy to the chest pounding goo-roos haunting social media. But if I cared about what those schlubs think, I'd be as broke as most of them are. And all of this is in strict accordance with what I have taught about Sociological (vs psychological) Marketing inside a couple key Email Players issues - including two of the issues that help make up my book: “ParaSELL Universe” The book is made up of ten Email Players issues that taught the twin concepts I’ve pioneered of World-Building & Sixth-Generation Marketing Warfare - where selling, pitching, marketing, and promoting (directly or indirectly) can be done well before anyone sees an offer, or before a product is even created, with most of the selling being done by that company’s fans & customers (as well as its haters & trolls). And sometimes potentially without those customers even being aware of it by you using everyone and everything as a marketing media to sell with. And Sociological Marketing is part & parcel of doing World-Building. World-Building ain’t created or tracked with a spreadsheet. It’s created from within you and tracked by observing sales, engagement, growth, over time. Anyway, this is easily the most expensive book I sell. But, if you buy it before tomorrow, Sunday 10/19 at midnight EDT it’s yours at a 30% discount. ($861.00 vs the $1,230.00 it retails for) Use code ZOE by tomorrow’s deadline at the checkout (where it say "add referral code") And make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/parasell Ben Settle P.S. This book is made up almost entirely of these ten Email Players issues (October 2020, December 2020, April 2021, July 2021, September 2021, January 2023, February 2023, August 2023, September 2023, and November 2023) + the transcript of a private consult I did for one of my customers who wanted some help in how to think about World-Building specifically. So if you already possess any of the above issues, you’ll have to decide whether it is worth buying ParaSELL Universe or not. Please think carefully before purchasing, either way. This is a significant investment. And it should not be frivolously purchased. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA