# The real reason why the left can't meme

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 26 Jul 2025 11:44:59 +0000
**ID:** 198468cff292da50
---

One of the best political memes yet is taken from the old “School House Rock” cartoons. I remember being both entertained and educated (i.e., great Infotainment) by the Schoolhouse Rock skits while watching Saturday morning cartoons growing up. And one of my favorites showed a cartoon bill singing to a kid explaining what a bill is and how it works its way through Congress. It was a great civics lesson. And years later, someone made an even greater meme out of it. The meme shows that cartoon bill on the steps of the Capitol telling the kid he’s teaching: “There’s no song to explain this shit” i.e., we’re all fooked. Like all good comedy it’s funny because it’s rooted in truth. If it’s not rooted in truth, the comedy/entertainment falls as flat as a Margaret Cho standup show. I had a job duplicating video tapes in the late 90’s/early 2000’s. And we had to duplicate one of her shows. It was terrible. Literally only one funny joke the entire time. And even that was improv’d, I think. The rest was so bad there wasn’t one single non-forced laugh during the whole show, as she virtue signaled on stage to impress her echo chamber. That said, the American left has always been infinitely better at overall propaganda than the Right, which is probably how they were able to seize control during their march through the institutions. Very creepy people, in my opinion, I want nothing to do with them. But what they were not is stupid, unfortunately. Some of their leaders were quite brilliant, if anything. And when you look behind the propaganda and subversion, you see some universal principles of persuasion & influence you can ethically use. That is one of the ways some of them took control of all the reigns of power over the past 50+ years with people just now catching on in 2025. That’s the bad news for those who still don't know the difference between a man and a woman. The good news for the rest of us? Their grip is weakening grip on the levers of power. And the reason why is: Memes. “The left can’t meme” is funny because, again, it’s rooted in truth. They do terrible memes and thank God for that because it works against them. Even the normiest of normies sees how insanely stupid their ideas really are, and how much danger their own children are in blindly handing them over to the clutches of men who put on dresses and haunt women's bathrooms while telling children to keep secrets from their parents. Anyway, back to the School House Rock meme: Recently, that meme inspired me to create what I believe is one of the best product designs in my rogues gallery of offers yet. A cover that, when it’s for sale eventually, will help sell the offer perhaps almost as much as the sales page and emails that sell it. Until then? There is a way to see it free. Here’s how: The August Email Players issue is the 14-year anniversary issue. Yes, I’ve been publishing this revered & reviled rag since 2011 - with many people at the time (even seasoned direct marketing pros) telling me it’d never work, nobody wants a print newsletter anymore, it should be delivered by email if it's called Email Players or there is a disconnect, yada yada yada. They couldn’t have been more wrong. And this 14-year anniversary issue is not only a stiff middle finger to the naysayers, but it is going to include a valuable bonus gift. Specifically I am including the 60+ page offer that has said cover above (inspired by School House Rock) called: “Email Players Annual #4: After School Special” This oversized (literally - in both size and page count) Annual issue bonus exists outside the normal continuity of the newsletter. And it’s written as a long letter “to” Willis in case I up and join the choir invisible before he comes of age to teach it it to him - with all the most important business, marketing, money/finance, health, and relationship info I want him to know. I spent more time on this than I have some of my full-length books. I won’t say this is the “best” writing I’ve ever done but it’s certainly the most important. You can read more about it in the PS below if you want. Otherwise - the deadline to get in on time is when I send the list to the printer soon. After that? Too late. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com NOTE: I do NOT ship to Indonesia, China, India, Ukraine, Russia, the Philippines, Thailand, Japan, or Africa. Current Email Players subscribers are “Grandfathered” in, of course. Ben Settle P.S. Here’s some of the info inside the bonus Email Players Annual #4: After School Special I am gifting to Email Players subscribers next month: * Advice to a frustrated and stigmatized Nigerian copywriter who struggles with being taken seriously by clients for no other reason than where he lives. * The dirty little secret big financial newsletter publishers selling some $500 million hedge fund manager’s “system” never tell you. * An almost freakishly profitable copywriting technique old school A-list copywriters would talk to each other about behind closed doors that created whole industries and control ads (and royalties) that’d last for years. * What to eat with every meal that can do wonders for helping optimize your blood sugar, energy levels, and body composition. * The ingenious “forever war” secret you can wage against your competition to (totally legally & ethically) steal the attention, engagement, and even the loyalty & respect of their customers. * The 8-point “get your balls back” protocol for if a woman you love & plan to spend the rest of your life with betrays you, leaves you, or even cheats, divorces, or goes ice cold on you for no reason whatsoever. * Why you should never under ANY circumstance trust your banker! * What a brilliant testosterone health expert & doctor teaches younger men for maximizing higher testosterone levels as you grow older. * The exact program (you might even be able to find on YouTube) I used for getting out from under a mountain of credit card, car note, and student loan debt far faster than almost anyone else I know ever has. * How to be nearly impervious to being knocked off and/or copied/cloned/easily replaced by so-called AI, copycats, pirates, and other assorted cons, criminals, & content burglars. * A stock trading method invented in the 3rd century BC that works even better in the 21st century AD with today’s technology. All right, so be it. If you want in on time for the milestone 14-year anniversary Email Players issue plus a free copy of Email Players Annual #4: After School Special then scroll back up to the URL, note the list of banned countries, and follow the instructions while you still can. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA