# Post bizeek

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 12 May 2025 19:44:40 +0000
**ID:** 196c608a01a78d12
---

"I don't argue with doctors. You know what I'd say to them? ‘Take your clothes off and let me see what you look like.’” So said the legendary body builder Vince Gironda. My business partner in Low Stress Trading Troy Broussard has done the same to financial advisors who wanted him as a client, only for them to refuse to show theirs so he could compare their results to his own. So he had to fire them before even hiring them. It also reminds me of what fitness bros onTwitter dismissively tell skinny reply guys: “Post fizeek” i.e., let’s see what you look like. The reply guys never do, of course. And we tot a lot of this in the online marketing world, too - with lots of reply guys nattering on with unsolicited advice, opinions, conjecture when they have no real life or business experience. They can be dismissed in a similar manner: “You send too many emails” Post bizeek. “You sell too much in your emails” Post bizeek. “Your emails are too long” Post bizeek. “Your books are too expensive and nobody reads anymore” Post bizeek. “You’re too mean” Post bizeek. “You need to offer an audio and PDF version of Email Players” Post bizeek. “You should give me lots of value for free before selling me something” Post bizeek. “You should let people who cancel Email Players come back” Post bizeek. “You should track open rates” Post bizeek. “If you don’t use AI you’ll be left behind” Post bizeek. “You need a nurture sequence” Post bizeek. "Bro, you need to be using AI!" Post bizeek. And on it goes. I learned it's a waste of time to indulge these dorklords years ago. But if if I ever did, I’d just say: “Post bizeek” i.e., show me YOUR business. No, don’t show me your client’s business. Or that tech company that was handed $20 million in fundings’ business. Or your favorite goo-roo’s business. Or some guy who wrote a book’s business. Or that blue flame special prancing around the mastermind room talking out of his arse’s business… show me YOUR business, that you built, not someone else… and show me how your business has achieved exactly what I am trying to achieve with my business and maybe I’d listen. Enough of this. I sometimes show examples of reply guys who never post bizeek in my free Settleheads Facebook group. More here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/settleheads Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA