# people keep assuring me they’re not gay

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 24 Oct 2025 12:14:53 +0000
**ID:** 19a1624bc35fa3b1
---

For example, this response to an email about politics: “Ben, I'm tempted to say I love you but I'm too straight for that I so covet your way of thinking and articulation, everyday I just work at being able to operate at your level. I couldn't even wait to finish reading this email before typing this out - a typical zoomer 😂 " Or, this other guy, who also asked a great question: === Hi Ben On the other side of the world. I'm not gay yet here I am thinking about you. How do you pick your "blueprints"? I get the feeling that you are very diligent with finding people who are exquisite in their craft and then doing as they say - as you expect us to do with your work. Ie it seems you go deep rather than wide. But: A) how do find the masters without going wide? B) how do you tackle the work of a master and add it to your disciplines? For example - Jim Camp. You know his stuff inside and out; listen to him annually. But is that all you do? Do you make active plans on how to put his ideas into action? === The answer to his question is startlingly simple: Do the work. You find lots of different, even unrelated, threads of knowledge and you tug on them, you pull at them, you unravel them… and it quickly turns into a giant mess. And then you start going through that mess of different threads, one centimeter at a time, one strand at a time… straightening them, tying up others, joining, and eventually arranging it all into pockets of new knowledge, different ways of looking at things, adding to the threads of knowledge you already have from before… and then working them in to the tapestry that makes up your life and business experience. Some of these threads are hard “how to” info. Some of it more philosophical. Others strategical or even outright entertainment-oriented. Still more is intangible data that cannot be tested or tracked. But all of it can add to that squealing piggy bank. Ideally, your emails become a totally and completely adulterated mixture of all the above. And all done without thinking about it at all due to being firmly in the unconscious competence stage. Something you can only achieve by writing lots and lots and lots of emails. You can't prompt your way to that stage. You can only write your way there. Anyone who says otherwise is either an internet goo-roo burnout desperately trying to stay relevant by talking about so-called AI all the time... or else was born after the year 1993... or else maybe is just a bit too slow to be on my list at all, and should probably opt-out. I'm sure someone can help them, but it ain't me. For everyone else left over: This is the sort of thinking that helps when using my Email Players methodology, too. More on that here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA