# Your phone is the One Ring and you’re Gollum

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 18 Nov 2025 23:15:04 +0000
**ID:** 19a9941a86b25f95
---

As Bilbo told Gandalf about the One Ring in The Fellowship of the Ring: “...I have felt it was like an eye. . .I am always. . .wondering if it is safe, and pulling it out to make sure. I tried locking it up, but I found I couldn't rest without it in my pocket. I don't know why. And I don't seem able to make up my mind.” Juxtapose that with this bit from an article in The Sun a few years ago: “ADULTS predict they could only go without their phone and TV for just five hours, while they could manage three days without a laptop or tablet. . .people would only be able to manage an average of five hours and 11 minutes without their phone, relying on it for online banking (44 per cent), social media (38 per cent) and maps and directions (34 per cent).” === As you can see, nearly everyone’s basically Gollum now. Stroking their Precious phone in the dark. Always looking at it. Constantly checking in on it. Perpetually making sure it’s safe and pulling it (or patting their pockets) out just to make sure… not able to rest or bear to be too far away from it - all while scrolling, consuming content, and wrapping their very existences around it. My business partner in Learnistic Troy Broussard says we're all basically: “Phone fondlers” Especially after he did the research and found: (and this is from 5 years ago, it’s likely MUCH worse now…) * The average person touches their phone nearly 3,000 times per day * Those same peoples’ phones are always within 3-feet of them - including when sleeping, eating, driving, traveling, flying, hiking, working, waiting for appointments, exercising, walking the dog, watching TV, playing with their kids, shopping, laying awake at night plagued with insomnia, at parties, sitting in the bar, or even when in the bathroom * 70%+ of all digital content is now consumed on mobile phones * A whopping 92% of the time spent on a phone is in an app, NOT in a web browser * Less than 8% of people log into a website via a web browser on their phone to consume courses, entertainment, or other content (which is why, for example, Facebook course completion rates are an abysmal 4% on average) - yet web-based browsers and desktop apps are still how the vast majority of businesses deliver their content * Well over 600,000 websites are created per DAY, creating armies of competition in the marketplace, while only around 60,000 mobile apps are published in the Apple & Google Play stores per MONTH (and roughly 1/3 of those are just updates, not brand new mobile apps) where there is dramatically less competition What does all this mean? It means this, Pippin: Hardly anyone in any niche or in any industry is offering their content on a legitimate mobile app… even though that is where all your clients & customers are going, where they want to consume & engage with content, and most importantly… where they clearly prefer to buy it. It also means this too: If you are one of the few businesses who delivers and sells your content in a legitimate mobile app (and not just on a “mobile optimized” site or a cheaply made desktop app LARPing to be a mobile app, i.e., a progressive web app - what all those guys from India are cold emailing you about building for you every day)… where your clients & customers already are, and where they prefer to consume and pay for content… you can automatically have a huge, “built-in” advantage over all the businesses who don’t have a mobile app. This is especially the case if you hook it up seamlessly to your cart, back end, etc. The direct marketing world is notoriously full of followers. They won’t do anything until a guru grants them permission to. Then, suddenly, the normies flock to it. But “Go to where your buyers are” is the oldest lesson in direct marketing. If you want to see how your business can use mobile tech, and without paying the $100k+ a quality app would cost you otherwise, plus the tens of thousands per year in keeping that app updated with Google & Apple (and not having to worry about any of it, it’s all done for you)… and in a way where you can nearly seamlessly hook up all your back end, marketing, email, product delivery, etc, plus be a big sharp pain in the arse to content pirates (much harder for them to rip off) check out our Learnistic platform. Ain’t no sales letter up for it right now. But if you bought from my recent Bargain Bin of Bonuses 4 you experienced it. If you’d like a demo of it, our CEO John Wood sometimes does them to those interested. Simply reply to this email and let me know if you’re interested and I will put you in touch with him. Ben Settle P.S. If you want to experience Learnistic free, and imagine how your content could be in your own World like mine are in my World... and how your own clients & customers would experience your World... then simply enter my own mobile apps inside Learnistic. I have two in there: my Ben Settle app and my Enoch Wars app. Bot are free and can be experienced here on your mobile phone or iPad: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/app https://www.EmailPlayers.com/enochwars This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA