# the One Hour Business secret

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 02 Oct 2025 19:15:35 +0000
**ID:** 199a659f5e45c76b
---

Reader GC Tsalamagkakis asks: === I've been a freelance copywriter for a couple of years now and have good, steady work that pays well. I also have a small email list I email daily for a couple of months now. But lately I'm wondering if my time would be better allocated getting more clients and more money instead of building my list and come back at another time when I have more experience and more proof. I have a couple of offers in mind but I haven't started building any of them because I wonder if it would be a waste of time at this point. === My opinion: In my client days I always took the "first hour of the day belongs to me" approach. It’s the 'pay yourself first' principle applied to manual labor, not money. So during hour one you work on YOUR stuff, and only YOUR stuff. No matter what deadlines you have, no matter how much a client is breathing down your neck, no matter who is trying to distract you, deter you, divert you, or detour your attention. Anything, and I mean anything, short of your place literally being on fire is ignored. You gotta be ruthless about this. This is your hour, and your hour only. Protect it like anything super valuable that belongs to you some schnook is trying to steal. After that hour? Then you put the rest of your time, energy, emotions, etc into getting, serving, and dealing with clients during the day. This not only is good for your own long term financial security and success, but it also can help prevent resentment towards your clients. A lot of freelancers start to resent their clients because they spend all day working on the client’s stuff, then never seem to have the energy or time for their own. They spend the best of themselves each day building some client & his family's long term business and lifestyle, but never their own or their family's long term business & lifestyle. Totally backasswards. But it's not the clients' fault, though, it’s the copywriter’s. I remember I wouldn’t even check emails or voicemails until after that first hour. If a client did not like it that I wasn’t their dancing monkey? Off they could fook as far as I was concerned. They could find another copywriter and I’d find a better client. You cannot let anyone steal that first hour from you. It belongs to you, and you alone. If you do this, it probably won't take long to get up and running with real world experience from doing your own thing, plus generating another income stream that will not leave you nor forsake you should clients flake, go out of business, or replace you with so-called AI. So that’s my opinion. And you know what? It’s not only my opinion, it also happens to be a fact, too. If you want more of my random musings, see the free Settleheads Facebook group. You can join us here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/settleheads Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA