# Sickos who grin whenever you put your child's pics online

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 23 May 2025 12:45:26 +0000
**ID:** 196fd2d6245797e4
---

This’ll probably get me some shriek mail from the sob sisters. But: One thing that app-solutely astounds me is how many parents parade their children online - and especially on social media. It not only can put their kids’ safety at risk and totally robs them of their privacy, but it can potentially do irreparable damage to them later in life. Like, for example: The parent puts some goofy pic of their kid up picking his nose or something, only to have that pic warped and paraded around later in the child’s life to bully them or even haunt them as an adult. Word around the campfire is some parents are even getting sued now by their kids due to this very phenomenon in countries like France. Good. I know, I know - that'd never happen to YOUR kid. Better be sure about that. For example: Whenever any family tries to nags me about not sharing pictures of Willis online I don’t even bother telling them the above. I figure they are probably just too narcissistic and addicted to attention and likes to care one iota either way. What works better than logic? Showing them a news story like the one I once saw with this headline: “ABSOLUTE SICKOS: Horrified mom ‘cried uncontrollably’ when she found SEX DOLLS on Amazon ‘made using her 8-year-old daughter’s image’” Apparently this has been a thing. And no, just letting family and friends see your children online isn’t necessarily protecting them when you realize a lot of evil is perpetuated from people who KNOW the family. Admittedly, Stefania and I are probably overly paranoid. Stefania due to some extremely creepy brujeria she saw growing up her parents thankfully protected her from, and me because I grew up during a time when boomer parents literally had to be reminded they had kids at all - with a creepy “Vincent Price-like” voiceover PSA each night on TV: “It’s 10:00 do you know where your children are?” So yeah, I helicopter. Not today, Boomers - Willis can also live at home for as long as he wants. He also doesn’t have to go to college (he’d only just get a pay cut anyway, compared to what we teach him). And he doesn’t have to eat all his food and get fat because there are starving kids in China. Anyway, Stefania says I’m an Apache Helicopter flying mo’fo. And nobody, but nobody, is allowed to babysit Willis except the grandparents. But that story above about kids’ images being scraped from social media and turned into sex dolls often gets people to either (1) shut up and stop asking to post pics of Willis or (2) influence them to think twice before sharing their own kids’ pics online - even just amongst family & friends. And this isn’t even getting into the “Taylor Swift’ing” of images using AI to create other deep fakes via porno’ing peoples’ likenesses. You think the deviants lurking in your mentions don’t grin when you show your kids? Maybe you’re an especially high trust soul, unlike me. But I guarantee you the Vision of that is now etched into many-a-brain reading this, whether they want to admit it to me or not. And it just goes to show the power of a Vision and how it can go way beyond just business, marketing, selling, copywriting, or email - especially those foolishly thinking they need “images” in emails. Do Vision right and people simply cannot “un-see” it. You can ignore it and you can pretend it’s all hype. But once a Vision is planted in your head it’s very difficult to forget or ‘un-see’ it. Also notice: I put that Vision in your head with only my words. And those words let your own imagination create the image. I didn’t need any graphics, images, pics, goo-roo edgelord AI image diarrhea, or so much as an emoji to create the Vision. Frankly, doing any of the above would have been weak compared to the image you created in your own head, based on your own experiences/fears/anxieties/children/loved one, via the words I typed. You don’t “need” images in emails to create Vision. I argue the best images come from the reader’s own imagination. And that images you put in encourage more scrolling than engagement. I know, I know... YOUR business is different. It’s not, but you go and keep thinking that if it makes you feel safe. For everyone else: Our BerserkerMail platform is built for copywriters who want to use Vision like this. And the irony our “No-Images” policy is precisely how it helps you create that Vision as it forces you to communicate like a human and not a meme lord. You can test it our yourself here if’n you like: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/berserker Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA