# sneaky way to get new business from leads who tell you no

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 02 Sep 2025 18:15:01 +0000
**ID:** 1990ba5232fd4b21
---

Email Players subscriber Fotis Chatz asks: === Hey Ben, got a question for you (feel free to use it as content) Context: I'm ready to ship a print newsletter to a list of companies I believe are my Dream 100. Most don't know who I am. But I'll give them a heads up via email, using all the principles I've learned from you over the years. The goal of the newsletter is to position myself as an authority and, ideally, partner up with them in the future. Question: Out of the top of your head, what are 3 pieces of advice for me? I'm being intentionally broad here despite doing (I believe) a lot of things right. So even if you tell me something I already know, it will still help because it will reinforce that I'm on the right track. === Probably it’d be: 1. Don’t look at these clients merely as clients but potential JV partners 2. Be more useful and of service to these clients than anyone else possibly can or is willing to 3. Any clients you talk to, if they say no, ask if they know of any colleagues who might be interested in your services, with an intro if they’re willing. And the ones who do talk to you, and you work for them, the second they compliment your services, ask if they have any peers or colleagues they think might be interested in your services, with an intro if they’re willing. That was my advice to Fotis. And I agree with him that it could be useful for a ho’ bunch of others on my list. And so here we are. Another way to make yourself like cantip to clients: Work on building not just a list, audience, or business... but a World. A World where prospects, leads, customers, and clients want to enter but don’t really want to leave, where buying from your business potentially becomes the only real choice, when they are ready to buy a solution you offer. Something I've been doing for 20+ years and teaching for over a decade amongst multiple books, including the "101" version of how it works called: "BizWorld" And unlike most of my books this one is inexpensive. And you can grab it here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/bizworld Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA