# Draper’s big failure not shown in the Mad Men TV show

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 08 May 2025 23:49:55 +0000
**ID:** 196b24f54149d61f
---

Following is straight from an interview with a “for real” Mad Men agency guy from the 60’s: Walter Bregman. Here goes: === QUESTION: How accurate was the Mad Men sort of vibe to what you guys were living back then? WALTER BREGMAN: It was three quarters accurate and a quarter totally inaccurate. The costuming and the look was perfect. The sort of macho man, send my secretary out to buy a present for my wife was absolutely true. Yes, there was a degree of antisemitism in the early days, which was broken down, where there used to be what they called the Jewish agencies and the all others. But that broke down. The drinking part, I drank a tremendous amount when I was in the agency business, but I never ever in 20 years saw a bottle in anyone’s office, never. Now, is it a detail, perhaps maybe the New York guys, although I worked in New York, did it, but I never saw it. We drank in the bars and boy did we drink. I mean, that’s part of the reason we had so much fun. We were drinking those see throughs as we called them, the straight-up martinis at lunch, two or three, and then at dinner and so on and so forth. The part that it was inaccurate, and I talked to them about this and they turned me down cold, was that we had so much more fun, they came up pretty grim in that show. And ultimately it ended up being the Crazy Housewives of Madison Avenue. But they missed the underlying tone of what free spirits and how crazy and the nutty things we did. And all of them are, not all of them, but a lot of them are related in my [Spray the Bear] book. And I talked to the people I talked to Wiener at over at Mad Men, and I said, “Look, I don’t want a credit. I don’t even want any money. Let me send you my book so you can put some of these fun, wonderful stories into the show.” And he said, “No, no.” That was that. QUESTION: What was one of your big hit campaigns that you worked on with Procter? WALTER BREGMAN: Well, how about a big hit and a failure? They came out with a product called Salvo. Salvo was a tablet detergent. Now Tide PODS is a whole big deal, talk about reinventing the wheel. Tide PODS, which is I saw in the paper the other day, is one of their latest successes. What it is, and it was brilliant at the time and it still is, it’s called Forced Proper Usage. You can’t use less than the amount in a Tide POD. You couldn’t use more than less the amount in a Salvo tablet. So naturally, your clothes got cleaner because most women, we found through extensive research, don’t use the proper amount. If it says two cups, they’ll put a cup-and-a-half in. Well, the lady that used the two cups is going to get cleaner laundry. And so every time we tested Salvo, and now I’m sure the same thing is true of Tide PODS, you get a very positive response. The only problem was, Salvo didn’t dissolve. And so they were like little hockey pucks that were bouncing around in the machine. Well, anyway, we were tasked with advertising it, and we tried and tried and tried and tried and tried. And one day Draper Daniels, who by the way, is the guy that Dan Draper was modeled after in the Mad Men, Draper Daniels was at that time creative director at Burnett. And I found out from Weiner, Norm Weiner, that Draper was the model for Dan Draper of Mad Men. But anyway, he came up with the idea of having this little guy do the opposite, talk about strength but be a little thin guy. And he said, like Wally Cox, in a client meeting, which was sort of a dumb thing because the client said, “Great, go get Wally Cox.” Well, we did, and we got Wally. He was a fabulous guy and I worked with him for quite a while. His commercials for Salvo broke the charts on all the recall, because he was Mister Peepers of course in that series. Unfortunately, the product didn’t work. They kept telling us they were going to fix it, but they didn’t. And so we had what they call the worst thing in the world, great advertising for a bad product. Everyone tries it and then they go away. And that was probably the most interesting campaign at Procter. === Lots of great info there both obvious and “between the lines.” My favorite being: The worst thing for a bad product is good advertising. Something you see a lot of nowadays, especially. The above is also just a drop of gin in the bottle-sized interview featured inside: “Mad Men Copywriting Secrets” I originally gifted it to Email Players subscribers last year (to celebrate the newsletter’s 150th issue). And it’s an oversized (in physical size and word count) issue that exists outside the continuity of the main issues — and contains some of my favorite of those old Mad Men methods. It’s also something I’m making available for sale to the masses, along with an extremely valuable bonus (see the PS below) until tomorrow, Friday 5/9 at midnight EDT. Anyway, you can learn more about it here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/madmen Ben Settle P.S. As for the bonus, it’s called: "The Swipestream Vol 1” A few of the tips inside include: * How to “glide” through the awkward, ugly duckling phase of getting a flood of new business when starting out in your business. (This is a small hinge that can swing very big doors open — and it has been used by everyone from legendary ad men like David Ogilvy and Gary Halbert… to media stars like Jack LaLanne and Harry Houdini… to church leaders like Sam “the Machine Gun Preacher” Childers and “Reverend Dollar” who did $80 million per year… to celebrity professionals like the world’s greatest trial lawyer Gerry Spence and even Donald Trump. Try it in your business and watch what happens!) * Why two of the most successful sales letters in advertising history had no headline! * The Mad Man agency research trick Gary Halbert used to pound out arguably the “most mailed” sales letter in history. (The letter created 7,300,000 customers, employed 700 people, and did close to a $1 billion in today’s money. And the research was what made it all possible.) * Why plain text (or what looks like plain text) emails often work better even for offers where people think they need to slather their emails with lots of graphics and slick fonts. * A black sheep screenwriting technique seen in a lot of Hitchcock movies (and, more recently, Joss Whedon’s first “Avengers” movie) that can potentially make your ads, emails, and sales letters far more profitable. And that’s just a small sip. You can read more of what’s inside at the link. Also, very important: You’ll need a smart phone or iPad to access this bonus. So keep that in mind before buying this offer if you want this bonus. Here’s the link again: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/madmen This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA