# Man-eating clients 3, fragile safe place-seeking copywriters nothing.

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 06 May 2025 14:50:31 +0000
**ID:** 196a613f272640f7
---

A hard-to-find book about the Mad Men era of advertising I highly recommend is called: “The Leo Burnett Book of Advertising” It was published in 1984, just 13 years after the great ad man Leo Burnett joined the choir invisible. And it’s about how his agency went about using his methodology of planning, writing, producing, and placing the agency’s ads in media. A lot of it was admittedly dry and boring. (I don’t run an agency or I’d be more excited by it). But the first part is solid gold and I took copious notes. One of those notes you might find interesting is: His main “job” at his own agency was leading the Creative Review Committee — which was manned by the agency’s top people. And they’d try to tear through, rip apart, and do their dayemdest to DESTROY every single ad — print, TV, or radio — before the client ever saw it. i.e., they tried to “BREAK” them, even if Leo himself wrote the copy. Having one’s ads put in the Creative Review Committee torture chamber were described as “character building moments” — even for the best of the best at his agency — where a “sinking feeling in the soul” was guaranteed, along another several weeks of exhausting work, an all-nighter, plus a furious wife who would not even see her husband that night, thinking he was out chasing women, when, in reality, he was trying to chase perfection in his advertising. Here are some mini “war stories” from those days; * The creator of the famous Pillsbury Doughboy (Rudy Perz) said it made him feel like a martyr — once saying on his way out the door after having a campaign rejected, “Lions 3, Christians nothing.” * Andy Armstrong (a creative director and original model for the Marlboro Man) sounded like he almost suffered a nervous breakdown over these brutal critiques — where he, “rose quietly from the table, left the room, hailed a taxi to the station, bought a ticket [to California]…and sat for a few days in the sun, thought about life, caught the train back to Chicago, re-entered the room, resumed his seat and rejoined the battle.” * Leo Burnett himself took a sadistic glee during these soul-crushing reviews — because he knew they were creating not just great advertisements, but great men. He put it like this: “Looking back over our greatest creative achievements I recall that few of them were generated in an atmosphere of sweetness, light and enthusiasm, but rather of dynamic tension…” Anyway, that’s just a few of many notes I took. And I show some juicier ones, and lessons behind them, in my own “hard to find” offer called: “Mad Men Copywriting Secrets” I originally gifted it to Email Players subscribers last year (to celebrate the newsletter’s 150th issue). And it’s an oversized (in physical size and word count) issue that exists outside the continuity of the main issues — and contains some of my favorite of those old Mad Men methods. It’s also something I’m making available for sale to the masses, along with an extremely valuable bonus (see the PS below) until this Friday, 5/9 at midnight EDT. Anyway, you can learn more about it here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/madmen NOTE: Unless "grandfathered" in as a current Email Players subscriber we do NOT ship to the following countries: Andorra, China, India, Indonesia, Japan, Mexico, Nigeria, Thailand, Russia, Philippines, or the Ukraine. Ben Settle P.S. As for the bonus, it’s called: "The Swipestream Vol 1” A few of the tips inside include: * An engagement trick discovered by the guy who wrote the “The Elephant Man” that can nab attention even from prospects who’d normally ignore your emails and ads. * An inside look at how mail order millionaire Charles Atlas would sell his offers before anyone even saw the advertising promoting them. * How to “glide” through the awkward, ugly duckling phase of getting a flood of new business when starting out in your business. (This is a small hinge that can swing very big doors open — and it has been used by everyone from legendary ad men like David Ogilvy and Gary Halbert… to media stars like Jack LaLanne and Harry Houdini… to church leaders like Sam “the Machine Gun Preacher” Childers and “Reverend Dollar” who did $80 million per year… to celebrity professionals like the world’s greatest trial lawyer Gerry Spence and even Donald Trump. Try it in your business and watch what happens!) * The Mad Man agency research trick Gary Halbert used to pound out arguably the “most mailed” sales letter in history. (The letter created 7,300,000 customers, employed 700 people, and did close to a $1 billion in today’s money. And the research was what made it all possible.) * Why two of the most successful sales letters in advertising history had no headline! * A black sheep screenwriting technique seen in a lot of Hitchcock movies (and, more recently, Joss Whedon’s first “Avengers” movie) that can potentially make your ads, emails, and sales letters far more profitable. And that’s just a small sip. You can read more of what’s inside at the link. Also, very important: You’ll need a smart phone or iPad to access this bonus. So keep that in mind before buying this offer if you want this bonus. Here’s the link again: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/madmen This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA