# My favorite "taboo" marketing teachers

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 02 Nov 2025 16:14:47 +0000
**ID:** 19a455afc9f5752c
---

A stray question raps on my righteous door: “Who were few people that you learned a lot from? Not just in copywriting but in all marketing and sales” Following is not an exhaustive list but here are a few: * Peter Montoya - my #1 influence for personal branding who was teaching it when it was "taboo" in direct marketing and it not even a term anyone was using... the total opposite of today, where everyone thinks they're a personal branding goo-roo * Sean D’Souza - probably the most underrated marketing mind I know of * Earl Nightingale - his Lead the Field is “must listen”, especially for younger guys * Kevin Trudeau - look up his 90’s infomericials for Mega Memory, Mega Math, Dalton McCrary’s Straight Shootin’ Golf, Grand Master Tsai, and any others he did before he got tossed in the stripey hole... absolutely brilliant marketer, despite going astray * Jim Camp - I use his negotiation methods in nearly every email, ad, conversation to this day * Barry Maher - especially his "make the skeleton dance" philosophy * Joe Girard - his Superior Service approach * Paul Hartunian - his media publicity game also works to get booked on podcasts, his press release training has made all my bullets, headlines, ads, emails, subject lines, etc far better, tighter, more responsive * Stan Billue - one of the greatest phone salesmen who ever lived, I use much of his info in emails * Bruce Barton - the second “B” in the giant BBBO ad agency, a contemporary of Caples, the reason I got into direct marketing at all, in some ways * Terry Dean - one of the founding fathers of online marketing, brilliant, took many "arrows" for us * Tom “Big Al” Schreiter - old school MLM guy and incredible direct marketer, his infamous "One Minute Presentation" he used for sponsoring people into MLM can be adapted to nearly any kind of selling, marketing, copywriting project So those are just a few but there are many more. And often I think of more to add to the list when doing consultations. Yes, I do offer consulting sometimes. But, I do not accept traditional payment for it. And I do not do this for just “anyone.” (There are qualifications involved.) If this interests you, here’s the deal: I will give you an hour of my time in exchange for promoting my opt-in page (BenSettle.com) to your email list. During that hour we can discuss anything you want. You can even record it too, and use the recording however you want (as a bonus, sell it, horde it for yourself, I don't care). But before getting too excited, there are some caveats: 1. You must have an email list of at least 10,000 online business owners (that doesn’t have a lot of “overlap” of people with my list - otherwise, not much point) - who both would be interested in the kind of info I write about and sell, and also who hear from you regularly via email. If you are one of these boys or ghouls who only uses social media and never emails? No. I cannot help you if that is the case because you don't even understand basic direct marketing 101 - which is “all roads lead to a list” (not a social media, YouTube, iTunes, etc audience, those are not lists) of some kind. That weeds out probably 90% of people reading this, unfortunately. 2. You email your list first, show me you did it, then we do the consult. Again, you may record and use the consult as content, a bonus/premium, even sell it if you want… it’s all yours, and will be recorded on your zoom or whatever, not by me. To give you an idea of how it can be used, one taker even once turned it into a live group call for his high paid mastermind. (They "beamed" me in to the room via Zoom.) And another had me on a giant group coaching call. Your imagination for using it is the limit. But the deadline definitely is a limit. In this case, you must respond to this by tomorrow (Monday 11/3) by midnight EST. That doesn’t leave much time. What? You didn't see this email until after the deadline? That’s just too bad. Not reading my emails immediately upon arrival is forbidden... To get the ball rolling do this: 1. Reply back to this email before tomorrow night’s 11/3 a midnight EST deadline. 2. Include ALL the specifics about what kind of business people are on your list, what they like to buy/learn, size of it, and how often you mail it. Do not send me your sales pages or anything else - critiques, "quick look", etc is not what the consulting entails. If your list sounds like a good match for this, we’ll make it happen. If not? We won’t. Ben Settle P.S. If you want "virtual" consulting, of sorts, see my free mobile app. There is 30+ hours of content in there. All free. But you'll need a smart phone or iPad to access it: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/app This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA