# The King of Branding

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 19 Apr 2025 19:15:26 +0000
**ID:** 1964f7a37fbec4ff
---

If I had to pick ONE person I have probably learned the most about branding from over the years, it’d be: Steve McQueen. i.e., the King of Cool And, I’d add, King of Branding. Steve McQueen biographies - books and documentaries - are all well worth studying. He was almost unbelievably cunning in how he promoted himself to becoming the highest paid actor in the world during his day, where he eventually charged studios $50k (1970's money, well over $200k in today's money) just to read a script. Everyone thinks they are a branding goo-roo today. And the internet and social media have made it a lot easier. So easy, in fact, most “brands” you see have zero talent, are propped up by dumb money & algorithms (or being one of Elon's baby mamas, which is kind of amusing) and, frankly, don’t even produce anything - including not even good commentary/entertainment. Something that only works until it doesn't. But McQueen? He created his own, totally from scratch, with no internet or social media or extroverted personality (he was an introvert through and through) — using a lot of tricks (he knew all the tricks to steal scenes from higher billed and more famous actors he worked with, for example) that are directly applicable to direct marketing. I’ve written about many of these tricks over the years. But probably my favorite is what I teach in my Brand Barbarian book. Specifically, what I teach on page 70. The “trick” he used is what got him on the A-list actor map. And, it's what led to him being the highest paid actor of his time. It’s also something I believe potentially anyone “can” do, even if most “won’t” do it. Will not explain here — you’ll have to read it in context inside. As for the book? It’s not a cheap book. But I am selling it at a 25% discount until tomorrow, Sunday 4/20 at midnight EDT. Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/brand Use this code at the cart: AXE And make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA