# How to use media stacking to grow a proverbial business empire

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 11 Jul 2025 18:15:20 +0000
**ID:** 197fab4a7a550bc5
---

One of the more useful bios I read is about the late William Randolph Hearst called: “The Chief” But the best part ain’t in the “meat” of the book. It’s in the introduction. Specifically, this part: “[Hearst] built the nation’s first media conglomerate by extending his newspaper empire horizontally into syndicated feature, photo, and wire services; magazines, newsreels; serial, feature, and animated films; and radio. . .The opportunities were limitless for expanding his empire — and his audiences — and he capitalized on every one of them. Decades before synergy become a corporate cliche, Hearst put the concept into practice. His magazine editors were directed to buy only stories which could be rewritten into screenplays to be produced by his film studio and serialized, and reviewed, and publicized in his newspapers and magazines. He broadcast the news from his papers over the radio and pictured it in his newsreels.” Or, as I like to describe it: “Media stacking” It’s one of the single most powerful & profitable ways to grow a business I've ever seen. And, the exact same concept can be applied to growing your own business empire. Especially should you use my Client-less Copywriter methodology. And, also especially, by combining & stacking multiple subscription offers. This is where you grow one subscription offer, then grow another one on top of that one, and then stack another on top of that one… over and over and over… as high and as deep as you want, with them all interconnected and helping to grow each other. For example: I don’t "just" sell a print newsletter. I’ve spent the past several years stacking software on top of that newsletter, plus most recently Options trading instruction... and in some ways even my fiction books (which ties to my mobile app) and ownership in the Oregon Eagle newspaper: each can help feed & build upon the others in a way where they all enrich each other, and in many of the above cases if one goes down, the rest of my business can still stand strong. Get enough of them going and your empire can be almost impervious. Enter my Client-less Copywriter program AWAI sells. I tediously comb through how I do it in my own business. And while yours will not look exactly like mine, it’s not meant to be ‘swiped’, but modeled, adapted, and applied to your own unique business, goals, and agenda. Media stacking is more important today than ever before in my opinion - stacking as many medias, offers, and even different businesses as you can, interweaving them, integrating them, and moving customers into each other. Very powerful stuff. And your Linkedin friends stroking it to their so-called AI “workflows” have no clue. But you will. That is, if you get Client-less Copywriter at its fat discount which ends tonight. (Friday, 7/11, at midnight EDT) And it’s the exact framework I used to go from being a freelance licking client boots to being my own client, running my own show, and having a helluva lot more fun & being able to write the copy I want vs being forced to filter everything through a committee of chuckleheads who all contradicted each other, screwed up the copy, thought they could point the finger at me if something went wrong. I can only imagine how frustrating this is now during the “AI” gold rush. Whatever the case: Client-less Copywriter is on sale today. And you can read more about it right here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/clientless Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA