# Quite possibly the most underrated writer on the planet

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 26 May 2025 02:45:36 +0000
**ID:** 1970a7cdf9593e48
---

I am talking about: Sylvester Stallone. If you look for interviews he's done about his writing process it's surprisingly useful for copywriting and email as much as fiction and movies. Most filmmakers are lucky to have one big hit franchise. He has two (Rocky and Rambo). Three if you count Expendables. Plus, his one-offs like Cobra which are fan favorites with cult followings. Lots of duds, too, of course. But that's because he's always out there pushing things. i.e. He doesn’t play to not lose, he plays to win. His book Sly Moves talks about all the crazy stuff he did to body for various roles. Very extreme guy. "Last Action Heroes" book talks about a lot of those 80s stars like Sly, Arnold, etc. And there is a line in there with Arnold and Sly that they didn't need lots of special effects compared to today’s movies, because their crazy extreme workouts that built their bodies WERE the special effects people went to see. There is something about being an extremist. It's frowned upon these days by those who fear them (most people). But it's the extremists that win and create real change and accomplish the most. If you're not failing by going to extremes you're probably not pushing hard enough. Gene Schwartz's advice from his Phillips Publishing speech about you want to be crazy when writing sales copy comes to mind. He was saying you want your copywriters crazy because they bring big wins or big losses, none of this 1% or 2% boost nonsense, which is worthless. That stuck with me then, and I think about it often now. Best to fail big than get mediocre wins. The mediocre win doesn't teach you anything, the big fail does. The direct mail sales copy I analyze word-for-word (I analyze the winning piece I wrote about in this month’s issue) in the June Email Players issue has some extreme parts to it - especially the offer which made my business partner in Low Stress Trading (that was the offer the postcard was selling - specifically, to drive opt-ins to our site) Troy Broussard and I kinda nervous to even test it. It could have potentially cost us a lot of money. You can’t learn anything when you’re comfortable. Gotta get stick it out there and not be afraid to get it cut off. On that note: If you want to see this direct mail piece that won for getting opt-ins to your site, analyzed precept-upon-precept, with all the psychology behind it, as well as the copywriting techniques used... (and see which one won and WHY, if you read the May issue and participated in the contest) then don’t miss the June issue. It’s a doozy. And you can subscribe while there’s still a little time left here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Below is a bit of what what awaits you inside the June issue: Here goes: * A clever way to use a prospect’s own mailbox to help drive up response and sales if you use direct mail. * Probably the #1 most profitable copywriting technique I have ever learned that helped even my early “mid” level sales copy pull like crazy - including when competing against far better copywriters. (This technique haunts nearly every ad and email I write - including in THIS email you’re reading as I use it “on you.” Details on page 16 inside.) * A little-known trick (I learned directly from one of the best publicity experts who ever lived) for writing tighter, stronger, and more responsive sales copy. * A word-for-word email I sent a business partner explaining exactly how to grow a strong and ever-growing customer/client base. (Including during times like now where most businesses are hemorrhaging sales & customers left & right with no end insight!) * A real life case study in how writing a “Hail Mary pass” ad (that clients will hate and you’ll probably have trouble even getting tested) can blast your response far higher than playing it safe. * A stupid, amateur, and all-too-common landing page mistake that can kill your direct mail campaign response. (Yes, I, your ever-humble daily narrator made this idiotic blunder in a recent direct mail test to drive opt-ins to a web page... and even though we still did exceptionally well, we could have gotten probably 5-10x MORE response had I not had my head up my arse about this.) * A secret way (copy chiefs will almost certainly despise - so don’t expect anyone to cheer you on if you do it) for copywriters to use LOSING ads and sales letters in their swipe files to write winners that break sales & response records. * A ridiculously responsive headline template invented by the late, brilliant copywriter Gene Schwartz that I have yet to see fail. (It can also work as a template for writing your sales pitch openers, too, if you struggle with those.) * How to “soften” big, crazy claims & benefits (assuming they are true) so they are far more believable and far less likely to set off someone’s “bull shit” detector. * How to write sales copy in a way where the reader is more likely to think “this guy can’t be lying” as he reads it. (Doesn’t guarantee he will buy or respond, but it should at least get you a fair reading and chance to sell him if you do it right.) * How to use the ancient “law of the jungle” in your ads & emails to potentially want to buy what you’re selling even if they originally had no interest in what you’re writing about. * A secret used by history’s greatest military generals (Napoleon and Alexander the Great especially especially advocated this) for winning war campaigns you can also use to win more copywriting, email, and other marketing campaigns. (Gene Schwartz advocated doing this in copywriting as well, and so have many other A-list copywriters I’ve studied. With all of them retiring it’s almost like a lost art now.) * The “butt clench” test to know if you are pushing hard enough with your guarantees. * Advice I got straight from the world’s greatest direct mail strategist that can help you sell to ice cold leads who have no idea who you are with no real reason to listen to a word you say. * The Phil Donahue daytime talk show secret to profiting from boring “I like the color of the product packaging” type testimonials that don’t really say anything useful. (This won’t work for all testimonials, but if you can use it with even ONE of them, you will likely see a dramatic rise in response.) * A reverse psychology copywriting technique that can potentially help get even the most jaded & skeptical leads, prospects, and customers to chase you instead of you chasing them. * An admitted twisted secret I recently used for getting far higher response to a direct mail campaign (I suspect it might also work online, probably, although I admittedly have yet to test it. Anyway, do what you want with this info, I am merely showing you what I did to get 5x the average direct mail response.) * How creating a “double readership path” in your sales copy can potentially destroy your sales and response. (This flies in the face of a lot of copywriting books - but like all rules it can and, sometimes should, be broken. See page 20.) * A secret taught by the late, great Jim Rutz (one of the top 3 copywriters, easy, of his day) about how to write to leads in the finance space that can help get both higher response and better customers. * Why so many old school direct mail guys are online and don’t really do much cold direct mail themselves anymore. * A nuanced look at what I believe is the perfect copywriting “tone” for selling to super jaded and skeptical markets where people are (literally, this is what goes through their head) looking at every sentence you write and thinking, “this is bull shit” and looking for reasons to delete, click away, or (if direct mail) toss you out. * Speaking of guarantees: How to cover your arse from getting overrun with fraudulent refunders who love to buy and frivolously refund. * A real life example of how to use “social engineering” on the sneak in your calls to action for higher response and better quality customers. * An ingenious writing secret (found in popular old detective novels) that can help make your blatant selling ads feel like content. * A sneaky way to “pre-test” an ad to help know if it’s going to win or bomb before spending any time or money running it. * How deliberately including a “pinch” (just a pinch!) of outright psychopathy can help create, build, and grow a business in the diet niche. (NOTE: discernment and being able to read between the lines is required if you’re going to use this bit of knowledge I learned from an old Gary Halbert diet promotion campaign.) * What the great A-list copywriter Doug D’Anna recently taught me (on a live call) about what is perhaps the #1 body copy secret for turning ice cold leads into red hot sales. Again, that ol’ deadline is rearing its fugly head quick. Here’s the link if you want in on time: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA