# Testing direct mail to grow an email list

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 25 Apr 2025 11:45:29 +0000
**ID:** 1966cc4722ab081c
---

This one's been a long time coming. But the upcoming May Email Players issue is about my recent adventures using direct mail to build an email opt-in list that got, according to what I understand, 5x the average response rate as far as driving opt-ins goes. And depending on what is being sold, I suspect many online businesses can use the info inside to not only write much better sales copy, but also confidently test using direct mail to drive opt-ins to grow an email list. Something I suspect will give a ho’ bunch of people on my list a big advantage. Especially as big tech platforms get more saturated with AI-generated ads that simply grow in exaggeration and lies, higher ad spend that only goes higher, and more strangling rules, requirements, and the list goes on to help circumvent all the AI bois churning out more and more plagiarized nonsense trying to "out content" each other. With direct mail it’s just you and the prospect — with only the permission of the list owner you are renting the list from doing any gate-keeping. Whatever the case: I don’t pretend to be a direct mail expert and probably never will be. Although I did come of “copywriting age” doing direct mail 23 years ago. I used direct mail to generate leads for the MLM deal I was in at the time. But, I have gotten quite the crash course on the subject. And I do believe there’s a huge opportunity with direct mail as far as growing an opt-in list. On that note, Mr. McFeely, let’s “speedy delivery” this up and get down to the business. You can read more about what’s inside in the PS below. To subscribe before the deadline go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s a look at what awaits you inside the May Email Players issue should you subscribe to the newsletter in time before the deadline: * The creepy sales trick secret used by an infamously abusive cult to persuade 500,000 members to give them money… and doing it with near zero marketing expenses or budget. (And how to legally & ethically — and in a non-creepy way — apply what they did to your marketing… and without having to abuse anyone.) * A sneaky persuasion trick (straight from one of the single most successful phone salesman who ever lived) that can make prospects far more likely to want to buy from your ads. * The strange but true reason why NOT including 1-click upsells in your funnel can potentially make your business more sales. * Why the headline is NOT always the #1 part of an ad to spend most of your time on. (Headlines are extremely important, but nowhere near as much as they were pre-internet with unlimited pre-selling devices already seen well before the ad. These days, I spend far more time on THIS part explained inside than anything else, and the results have been speaking for themselves, to say the least.) * The “magic genie” secret behind some of the highest pulling sales letters and ads (including some ads written by total amateurs) ever written going back nearly 100 years. * A grizzled old school salesman’s note-taking technique that helped him sell high priced offers to complete strangers who didn’t even know the product existed 5 minutes earlier. (And exactly how to apply it to your next copywriting project.) * Tricks for staying off the bureaucratic radars of big brother in your advertising. * The crazy story behind how I created what is arguably one of the ballsiest offer in the entire financial offer niche…that got us lots of opt-ins who were hyper-engaged practically “leaning in” to hear every word on our zoom presentations. (HINT: we promised $100.00 cash if they felt the SALES PITCH wasted their time — whether they bought anything or not. We were quite nervous running this offer, say the least. It could have potentially ruined us. Especially had I copied the “what’s working now!” ads I was shown.) * An introduction to the man who I believe is the greatest “unsung hero” of marketing funnels — and why you’ve probably never heard of him before. * An almost foolproof way to structure your marketing that can help sell any future offers you create well before you even create them. * The ugly little secret to starting off zoom sales presentations for helping get far more engagement and sales than you do now. * Best “sleeper” approach to copywriting for selling to completely trust-broken and severely jaded prospects who think every word you write is horse shyt. * The #1 thing to dig out of your research if you want maximum sales & response that has nothing to do with benefits, claims, stories, turn-of-phrases, or anything you probably see your Facebook friends talking about much less doing. * The “dope head” phenomenon I believe all financial offer copywriters ought to know about. (Or, really, even if you’re not in the financial offer niche. It applies across the board.) * The plain vanilla (and totally boring) copywriting research approach explained in a single paragraph that can potentially let you know your prospects better than their own mothers! (In my experience so-called “AI” cannot even come close to duplicating this, Google searches can’t come close to emulating it, and your swipe file won’t even come close to matching how well doing this works if done right. It’s not “fun” but it is effective, which is why only the hardcore copywriters who read it will probably do it.) * How to make your business a “porcupine” (i.e., an unattractive & even painful target) for Big Brother if you write copy in a highly-regulated industry or niche. * How to give your prospects such an exciting buying experience they potentially almost can’t wait to get their credit card out and buy whatever you’re selling. * A secret way to “enlist” the help of your current customers to do a lot (maybe even all) of your selling for you. And finally: * A real life example of why it’s so stupid to blindly copy what winning ads supposedly “working now” look, feel, sound, and sell like. Admittedly, this goes against 100+ years of copywriting and copy chief advice. I don’t care. I’ve seen this phenomenon I write about inside happen far too many times over the past nearly 25 years — where even so-called “winners” are actually losers compared to what they COULD be making if they had the same approach. I’ve only had one client who did this, who I learned this from, and he was by FAR the biggest in his niche… and would laugh at the even “A-list” copywriters he competed against whose world class ads were making a pittance of what even his mid ads were making.) All right, enough of this. If you want in, there’s no time to lose. The deadline is coming up quick. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA