# My evil, misogynistic commands to women reading this

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 10 Oct 2025 19:14:37 +0000
**ID:** 199cf8bef2b8ca60
---

“ooh Ben is a misogynist!11” Yes. So much so: I said on a live call just this week promoting Low Stress Trading which my own mom was attending, that I'm the right wing, chauvinist, sexist, and misogynist monster she birthed... and y'all might as well just get used to it, because the older I get the more this becomes the case. Or not. I suppose it depends on how you ask. Take Email Players subscriber & Low Stress Trading superstar (and co-owner who does the Getting Started calls for new clients each and every week, chaperoning our boys & ghouls into their first trades so they don't have to be intimidated by anything) - Lindsay Sewell, who told me this a couple years ago… === Had to reply to this one…in Troy I trust too. You both have completely changed my business and life, and I would likely have never met Troy if it hadn’t been for you talking about him. You helped me steer clear of the crazy marketing tactics I was learning early on from all the online gurus (which improved my marketing immensely) And Troy’s trading program has transformed my financial life. I was not a finance person or a trader before I joined Low Stress Trading. . . It’s given me the freedom to drop all the client work I used to have to do as well and now I simply trade daily, email my list and even have time to start writing my first book. Life is good because “in Troy I trust!” Feel free to use any of that for testimonials if you want…just had to share, I tell Troy all the time how grateful I am for his teaching. === Again, she is an owner so assume massive bias and do any necessary due diligence. I simply am reporting what she said.. Speaking of women and coming from a purely marketing lesson perspective: The Low Stress Trading customer base is estimated to be about 30% women last I checked. This is always in flux, of course, but the point is I think it is safe to say women are loving the framework. They also tend to be the most successful at it, for reasons I won't go into here. For now I will just say: This is not the norm with trading & investing-type offers from what I’ve seen. It is mostly a male-dominated space. So 30%’ish women in Low Stress Trading is an outlier, to say the least. All of which is something to think about if: 1. You are a woman who wants to learn for yourself, or to help set your kids up financially, or even just to help work towards retiring your husband from his 9-5 if’n that suits your fancy 2. You are a man and want to delegate the learning of Options trading to your woman There are many ways to skin this hellcat. And that brings me to the pitch: If you likey the sound of that, then I got two links for you. Link #1: Is to sign up for today's live, free training on how Low Stress Trading works in “real time” in just a couple hours, where I’ll be grilling Troy on what his trading framework looks like, see his bare nekid account, and ask questions, hold his feet to the fire, even outright badger him to prove he’s telling you the truth (you will be doing him a bonafide favor if you do - he WANTS you to try to stump him). Here’s that link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/options Today’s live training is in just a bit at: 5:00 EDT / 4:00 CDT / 3:00 MDT / 2:00 PDT. If you end up buying the offer, use RefCode SETTLE to get a special bonus: Your pick of any ONE book listed in the P.S. below. It also has pertinent deadline (which is tomorrow) and instructions for how to claim it. NOTE: This is the LAST time I will be selling Low Stress Trading with this free book offer at the current pricing. Next time you see me promote this the price will have doubled. So if you’re on the fence, keep that in mind. If you want to pay more later, that’s fine by us, of course. But giving you a heads up here that it will double. Link #2: Is to the Low Stress Trading TrustPilot reviews. I cannot legally vouch for any of the claims there, of course. And many are so surreal the three attorneys we hire telling us we can’t really use them as-is in our marketing, but you can read them independently on that site: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/lst/trust Not a fan of putting links to more than one site in an email. But it’s important you make an informed purchase not just for your sake, but because we don’t want people to just “buy” Low Stress Trading, we want people who are bought in to it. Finally: See the P.S. below for the bonus book list and tonight's deadline to claim it. Ben Settle P.S. To get a free copy of any one of the books below as a bonus you must: (1) buy Low Stress Trading via RefCode SETTLE at the checkout and (2) let me know which book from the list below BY tonight’s 10/10/25 at midnight EDT deadline. If you send me your book pick AFTER that it will be ignored. I hate “tail” in marketing in all its evil forms. So either let me know your book pick by the deadline or no book for you. Here is the list of books to choose from: * ParaSELL Universe * Markauteur * elBenbo Press * Affiliate Launch Copynomicon * Copy Slacker * List Swell * Email Client Horde * Social Lair * Copy Troll * Infotainment Jackpot * Brand Barbarian * Breakneck Content * NOfluence * Copy Salesliloquies * Count of Content To read more about a specific book below, Google is your friend. Again, to qualify for your free book you must (1) buy Low Stress Trading with RefCode SETTLE and (2) let me know your book pick BY tonight’s Friday 10/10/25 deadline. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA