# The Star Wars writer who hates on AI

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 27 Apr 2025 11:49:56 +0000
**ID:** 1967716cc1864717
---

Collider recently ran a story about the Star Wars show Andor. And the article quoted the show’s creator, show runner, head writer and executive producer, who is a long time screenwriting veteran of the game, about why they never put the scripts for season 1 online. His reason: So-called “AI.” Even though he wanted to show off the show’s writing, he hated the idea of it becoming AI fodder: “Why help the f***ing robots any more than you can? So, it was an ego thing. It was vanity that makes you want to do it, and the downside is real. So, vanity loses.” I don’t know about that. I’ve never seen the show, or care to, so no idea how “good” it is. But even if it’s the best writing ever sharted out from the bowels of the Disney propaganda machine, I doubt he has anything to worry about. Or that the AI will do anything other squirt out a more dumbed down and average version of whatever he writes. Or that it’d it’d do anything but make his work that much more valuable and a novelty amongst the fapGPT drivel surrounding it. Case in point: A couple years ago, a guy on Twitter said he could prompt fapGPT to write ‘Ben Settle style emails’ — which, even if it ‘worked’ as advertised, it would only make him sound like a warmed over version of my righteous leftovers, and not like him (what he should be “selling” ultimately) at all. I wanted him to show me, to see what that it looks like. The end result? Let’s just say, I ain’t exactly laying awake at night worrying about fapGPT being trained on my writing. At best it looks like the equivalent of the old PUA (pick up artist) guys teaching “proven to work!” one liners to nerds to use on women to get laid… but without having personality, charm, or humanity to create any actual attraction that lasts beyond one date. If anything they’d scare women away. Strauss’ “The Game” is quite the cautionary tale about that. Anyway, this reminds me something else that recently happened to me. Guy on my list responded to an email with: “Buddy those elongated word separator lines are a dead giveaway of fapgpt usage” I couldn’t tell if he was being sarcastic or serious. But it is amusing how many people think that, even though the em dash they are describing has been around for a few hundred years, and I’ve been using them for probably 20 years, being a fan of them ever since reading Gene Schwartz’s Breakthrough Advertising that was riddled with lots of em dashes way back in 1966. Unless, of course, the AI bois are saying fapGPT can help one travel through time? Admittedly, that’d be legitimately useful. Whatever the case: If you want to learn an approach to copywriting that beats so-called AI-generated sales copy all to hell, see the May Email Players issue. It’s about the direct mail campaign I wrote last year to help build our email list. Something I hope my boys & ghouls start testing and doing more of in their own businesses. Deadline to subscribe in time is in a few short days. You can read more about what’s inside at the P.S. below. Otherwise, here’s where to subscribe: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle * The creepy sales trick secret used by an infamously abusive cult to persuade 500,000 members to give them money… and doing it with near zero marketing expenses or budget. * The plain vanilla (and totally boring) copywriting research approach explained in a single paragraph that can potentially let you know your prospects better than their own mothers! (In my experience so-called “AI” cannot even come close to duplicating this, Google searches can’t come close to emulating it, and your swipe file won’t even come close to matching how well doing this works if done right. It’s not “fun” but it is effective, which is why only the hardcore copywriters who read it will probably do it.) * How to make your business a “porcupine” (i.e., an unattractive & even painful target) for Big Brother if you write copy in a highly-regulated industry or niche. * How to give your prospects such an exciting buying experience they potentially almost can’t wait to get their credit card out and buy whatever you’re selling. * A secret way to “enlist” the help of your current customers to do a lot (maybe even all) of your selling for you. * A real life example of why it’s so stupid to blindly copy what winning ads supposedly “working now” look, feel, sound, and sell like. * And much, much (MUCH), more.. Here’s the link to subscribe in time while you still can: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA