# Why Scrooge was a marketing moron

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 06 Dec 2025 16:49:36 +0000
**ID:** 19af492b75e2136b
---

Many years ago, I first heard the term: “marketing malpractice” "Email Players" subscriber the great Gary Bencivenga said it while being interviewed by "Email Players" subscriber & founding father of online marketing the great Ken McCarthy. And, I got to thinking about it while watching my favorite version of the movie “A Christmas Carol.” Specifically, how it applies to Scrooge. He’s built up as some kind of smart & shrewd (if not greedy & miserly) business man. But I think he was more of a marketing moron. And here are a few reasons why: * Afraid to spend money - As I have seen & experienced over and over and over the past nearly 25-years up in this bid'niz: the wealthiest boys & ghouls rarely look for ways to save money or get their marketing costs down… they look for ways to spend MORE, to out-spend, and to get a clear and hard-to-knock off competitive advantage. But Scrooge? He’s such a tightwad he’d probably eat a dollar and shyt out a penny. * Takes credit for stuff he didn’t do - In the version of the story I like watching (1938 version)… the Ghost of Christmas Present waves his horn at angry people and they stop being angry, and stop wanting to fight. When he does it to a couple guys about to come to blows, the ghost says: “We stopped that fight, didn’t we?” And Scrooge, who did absolutely nothing but watch, agrees: “We sure did, didn’t WE!” What a bum. * Makes his employees miserable - Scrooge goes out of his way to be as evil as he can to his employee. Which is just idiotic. As “for real” Mad Man era-advertising genius Walter Bregman used to say (about today’s advertising agencies): “When the penalty for failure outweighs the rewards for success the result is mediocrity.” Anyone who wants mediocre talent working for them is not someone to emulate. They are someone to mock and have nothing but contempt for. * Thinks he can buy loyalty and forgiveness - I may very well have missed it, but in the version of the story I watched, Scrooge never once asks for forgiveness from the people (like Bob Cratchit) he tormented and kept in perpetual “fight or flight” mode… and made completely scared, miserable, and worried 24/7. Instead, he just buys the kids presents, and throws money around. Presumably assuming he can simply BUY forgiveness and not ASK for it. Bah humbug. * Is a breathing spreadsheet - Scrooge has zero regard for the intangibles that make a business work, and that can’t be tracked, measured, or “scaled.” Like, for example, his foul smelling personal brand, his lack of approachability (even I am approachable by email, but Scrooge literally yells at everyone who tries…), and his crap reputation as an employer. (i.e., why would the best and brightest want to work for him knowing he’s an arsehole, who keeps the office COLD, with his employee Bob having to rub his hands warm to write by pen & ink, and who pays the bare minimum salary he can get away with?) The point? Scrooge is an idiot and not a businessman to model or emulate. Here’s another point: Everyone feels sorry for Bob Cratchit, but I ain’t letting him off the hook, either. He clearly didn’t know jack about making himself a valuable job prospect, indispensable and hard to let go, and his neediness shone through like a glowing red nose. It’s what keeps a lot of freelance copywriters & other service providers broke and desperate, too. Enter today’s 12-hour “Seasons Emailings” Sale on my Email Client Horde book. If ol’ BC had possessed this book, I suspect he would have had so many places wanting to hire him he could have made a lot more income, and had the pleasure of walking into Scrooge’s office with a mistletoe taped to his arse! So enough about Scrooge. Let’s you and me do some real bid’niz: If you want this book, you can have it at a FAT & JOLLY 30% discount off the listed price on the sales page until tonight Saturday, 12/6 at midnight EST. Details here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/clienthorde Use code HUMBUG (where it says “Add Referral Code”) for the discount, and make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA