# One thing the AI brain’d ones are actually right about

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 06 Aug 2025 00:45:30 +0000
**ID:** 1987cd8a4105b664
---

A while back I read a book about the late filmmaker John Hughes. He was the screenwriter and director of a few of my favorite movies back in the 80’s and early 90’s. One guy in the book described Hughes as eccentric, prone to emotional mood swings, brilliant, a genius, and someone who tired of hanging out with the liberals in Hollywood before he dropped out of the game altogether to be a recluse with his family until his death in 2009. He also wrote tons of movie scripts - including some that were never even made into movies, and at least one that was made but was so dumb (the movie "Dumb & Dumber", ironically…) he didn't want his name attached to it. Frankly, he was a writing machine. And, I have always enjoyed some of his movies. Incidentally, the late brilliant copywriter Gene Schwartz said every copywriter should watch Home Alone (that Hughes also wrote) at least 2 or 3 times. He was talking about watching contemporary movies that make a huge box office gross to see what people are responding to. But, it’s still something to think about the next time you’re scrolling through Amazon Prime looking for a movie to watch… But my favorite thing about Mr. Hughes? The thing I did not realize until reading this book? John Hughes was a speed writer would could write entire scripts in 1-3 days. The AI brain’d edge lords laugh at that, of course: “Bro could have just prompted his scripts in 1-3 minutes lol!” Which only proves how dumbed down they already are. Back to Hughes: One story director Chris Columbus (who directed Home Alone) told was, about how John Hughes was a night owl. And he had Chris come over one evening only to get an idea and then disappear for the rest of the night while Chris slept on the couch. In the morning, John woke him up having wrote an entire first draft of a movie script. And that was one of the keys to his success: Fast writing. One thing I will admit even the AI brain’d ones are correct about (even a broken clock is right twice per day after all) is how way too many people in copywriting, email, content-marketing, content publishing, etc, spend far too much time writing. They are always trying to get things perfect before starting. Always waiting to be “inspired.” And, always making writing far harder than it needs to be. Screw that sideways. Fast writing is why one draft of a novel I wrote took just 12 days, while most of the others took 14 days or less. It’s also why some of my highest performing sales letters were banged out in hours instead of weeks and months. And, it’s why I can churn out emails, books, and other content when needed while the mush-cookies afraid to even begin are still waiting around trying to get their ducklings in a row or, worse, “brainstorming” with fapGPT, drawing from an ever-more “average’d down” and, frankly, error-prone, bank of content. Which brings me to the rub: My book “Breakneck Content” contains dozens of ways to quickly and as painlessly as possible bang out all kinds of content for your business, including: * Emails * Social media posts * Books (non-fiction or fiction) * Courses * Videos * Podcasts * Articles & blog posts * Newsletters * Membership site content * Premiums & bonuses * And any other kind of content you might sell or sell with Here’s the deal: The deadline to get this book at a 20% discount is Friday 8/8 at midnight EDT. To hop on this deal do this: 1. Buy it before the deadline at the link below 2. Use code FAST at the checkout (where it says "add referral code") 3. Make sure you see the price change before entering your credit card info Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/breakneck Ben Settle P.S. This book is very small, very short, and very expensive. If you judge information by weight & volume then it’ll be a gigantic waste of money for you. It’s simple, “meat & potatoes” info I’ve used to pump out enormous amounts of content quickly over the last couple decades. However, it requires both thinking & ambition to use. And if you need hand-holding, coddling, or so-called AI then you should probably pass on buying it. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA