# One legged copywriter in an arse kicking contest

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 08 Jul 2025 03:44:37 +0000
**ID:** 197e822d0808fc93
---

I was recently forwarded a post of a copywriter who's like a one-legged man in an arse kicking contest. Here are the highlights: * The copywriter working for an agency was mandated to process his copy through AI detection software, because their clients (wisely) want to know humans wrote the copy * The problem was, so-called AI was flagging human copy as AI-written * The result is the so-called AI limiting what the human copywriter can even say/do without being flagged as AI * Wording legitimately required to describe the offer sold is even flagged as AI * The copywriter had to dumb down language and generate nonsensically boring content to appease AI instead of serving not only the client but the reader/prospect I think you can take it from there. “Bro! AI is here to stay!” Oh, we know, lil' anon, we know... And those who don’t use it to do their thinking and writing are going to dominate in direct response over the coming months and years. I have been seeing more and more copywriters starting to see the limitations of the FOMO-created mad dash phase, realizing what it's legit useful for and what it's not, and seeing the corporate-pushed Narrative crumbling in real time. All of which is why imo there ain’t no better time to become a Client-less Copywriter. That means you be your own client, selling your own offers, to your own list, keeping all the sales your business makes, not having to use any tool you don’t want (so-called AI optional - it’s your business, use or don’t use what you want), and certainly not having to filter your talent and skill through some idiotic tool that waters down your copy. Or keep commiserating. Keep letting people pushing/selling so-called AI right now gaslight you with FOMO. It’s your choice. If you choose going the Client-less route, here’s the deal: My Client-less Copywriter program is on sale today at a fat discount. And it’s the exact framework I used to go from being a freelancer licking client boots to being my own client, running my own show, and having a helluva lot more fun & being able to write the copy I want vs being forced to filter everything through a committee of chuckleheads who all contradicted each other, screwed up the copy, thought they could point the finger at me if something went wrong. I can only imagine how frustrating this is for freelancers now during the “AI” gold rush. Whatever the case: Client-less Copywriter is on sale today. And you can read more about it right here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/clientless Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA