# The secret to world class copywriting is getting a sex change?

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 27 Jun 2025 11:45:07 +0000
**ID:** 197b135f4792b4d8
---

Recently I read a bit about actor Viggo Mortensen’s big secret to nailing his role. Viggo is the guy who played Aragorn in The Lord of the Rings movies. And in my humble - but accurate - opinion, his approach to acting would make a good approach to marketing & client research if you want to write the kind of sales copy people love to read and buy from. For example: * He “lived” like Aragorn off-camera - like sleeping out in the wilderness, totally alone, making his own camp, sleeping in his costume on the ground... even when it was freezing cold, raining, or the weather was nasty * He did that to “connect” to the ranger’s way of living in the wild and to know - viscerally - what it would be like to be Aragorn day after day, night after night, week after week, month after month * He had his sword with him all the time, including when not filming, when hanging around set, and even when roaming town, as if it was just his routine and a pack of orcs would attack him at any minute * He not only did his own stunts, but trained hard in sword play and horseback riding... and was so close to the horse he rides in the movies that he bought it There was more, but those are the highlights. And Peter Jackson said because Viggo did all this, took his role that seriously, and for all intents and purposes “became” Aragorn... it trickled down to the rest of the cast who then upped their own game, some of them even doing the same sorts of things in whatever way made sense for their own characters. Now for the plot twist: Early in my client days I won’t say I took my assignments quite that seriously. But, I had learned some stuff while studying Denny Hatch’s “Method Marketing” stuff, which is basically about how to use Method Acting like Viggo and Val Kilmer and many other great Performers use to get into character and perform, but applied to marketing, getting inside a customer’s head, and trying to “become” them to better sell to them. Powerful stuff. And yet you rarely see any copywriters doing it. I’m not saying you have to take it nearly as far as Viggo did. Although sometimes I wonder if he and other hardcore method actors like him were copywriters applying this stuff, if they would literally get a sex change operation done if they had to write to a female audience. I am guessing not... but it doesn’t hurt to think more like a world class Performer to become better at writing world class sales copy. Enter the July Email Players issue: It goes into how certain Performers have approached their work. And, how it can help with your marketing, sales, and all-around engagement. I packed a ton of info inside this particular issue. And you can read more about it below in the P.S. Otherwise? To subscribe while the subscribins’ good before the deadline go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s a peek at what’s inside the July issue should you partake in time: * The “you can go to hell!” headline (or subject line) secret to getting so much engagement it’ll probably freak you out the first time you use it. * A crazy-ass Method Acting trick that helped my sales copy build a six figure per month business in the golf niche. (I’d never even played golf at the time, yet this trick beat the hell out of the control written by a far more seasoned golf niche copywriter right out the gate.) * The “multiple personality” phenomenon for writing world class email and sales copy. (If you haven’t “heard” the voices of the markets you’ve written to haunting your psyche 24/7 years after writing the copy, it means you’re still sane, but probably not making the sales you could. Use at your own risk.) * The semi-insulting reason reason Email Players subscribers without the ability to think abstractly struggle with using the content. (Something to consider before subscribing - don’t say you weren’t warned.) * How to make your emails, social media, sales copy more fun for people to consume than their favorite Netflix, Hulu, Apple, Amazon, and other streaming shows/movies. * An ingenious method (used by Marlon Brando in his most celebrated roles) that can potentially ramp up your email engagement and sales as much as 2 or even 3x over time . A sneaky acting technique (I’ve never seen a single marketing goo-roo teach) seen in “The Godfather” that created chillingly* perfect performances... and how to use it to create such almost chillingly strong relationships with your leads, prospects, customers, and clients they may not want to buy from anyone BUT you. * Advice to people who write emails and social media posts in advance to potentially cut your writing time in half - and without using TikTok brain-level generative AI. * The single best free resource (found on Facebook) I’ve ever used for hammering out infotaining emails, social media posts, audio/video content, and even sales copy. (Next time you get “stuck” for ideas simply go to this Facebook page, read a post or two, and watch as interesting, engaging, and cashflow-creating content will probably flow right out of your brain. That’s been my experience, at least.) * A shrewd market research tip from actor Christopher Lloyd that make your business a pile of new sales almost immediately - and possibly even the first time you use it. (A caveat: if you suck at pattern recognition this tip WILL NOT work. Fair warning...) * The 6-word “folk horror” secret behind some of the highest grossing sales letters ever penned. * The little-talked about infotaining sales letter/email template (used in certain Gary Halbert and John Carlton ads - if you know what to look for) I’ve been quietly using in my most engaging content for over 20 years. * A beat-for-beat breakdown of one of the most profitable emails I’ve ever written that was 14 PAGES long! (Email goo-roos saying long emails don’t “work” should be ignored. And this email proves it. Inside I walk you through my 14-page monster you can probably use in your very next email to get more engagement & sales, if you choose.) * The “never have to worry about money ever again” secret used by Bruce Willis and Samuel Jackson to get all the money, fame, and respect they could stand... even though they made far MORE box office duds than successes. (This trick was also used by Stallone, Keanu Reeves, Mel Gibson, Arnold, and others... and if you know what you’re doing, you can apply this directly to your own business to STEAL engagement and sales right out from under your competitors’ noses.) * A dire warning from a Mad Man-era advertiser whose advice seems almost like prophecy today for anyone using generative so-called “AI” to create content. Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA