# Why cranky feminist gaslighting doesn’t work on me

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 06 Jul 2025 12:45:18 +0000
**ID:** 197dfc5036023d17
---

Not long ago, I saw a screenshot of a tweet that said: “I was shocked to discover that my friend is marrying the man she advised me to break up with.” And it got me to thinking about how, one of many reasons I'm immune to shaming & gaslighting by the really cranky variety of feminists I sometimes hear from, who run around behaving as if men are inherently abusive, sexist, while they are all inherently pure as the driven snow... is because of my stint as co-owner of an info publishing business in the diet niche targeting overweight women. I was good at selling to that market, but I never enjoyed it. Do enough research in the diet niche and it takes you to some really dark places. But one thing that quickly became apparent during the research and selling to that niche was how much of the frustrations our female customers suffered were not from men at all... but from each other. Many of my most profitable emails were real life stories about women who were trying to lose weight being sabotaged/betrayed/emotionally broken by their female - not male - friends, family, co-workers, etc. I’d haunt weight loss forums all the time observing the market. And it was just one nasty example after another of women hating each other. Probably the most profitable one I wrote was an email about a woman's friends purposely tagging her in her heaviest pics on Facebook just to cruelly demoralize her. Another one was a woman asking a heavy woman who was trying to lose weight: “When is baby was due?” (and right in front of her other friends) Plus stories about their friend or sister making a move on their man, etc. It was like right out of soap operas about so-called friends & family. All real life stories about real people not merely being cruel, but I'd say evil. Every man who feels the need to pander to and virtue signal about women for clout and likes, or who is intimidated by women (most men these days), struggles to find a good woman... and/or is repulsive to women... should research the diet niche. They will realize women are just as flawed as men, and therefore be far less likely to supplicate and disrespect themselves for the possibility of a scooby snack from a woman they are needy for. I am likely going to write a 4th Villains book next year. And if I do I will write more about this. Until then I will just say this: Dangerously low T levels combined with dangerously elevated estrogen levels in young men is probably the biggest danger to both men and women in the coming years. I suspect there is a psychological aspect to it, where men pedestalize and supplicate way too much, effectively feminizing themselves, with women responding by becoming more masculine. Throws the whole 'ecosystem' off and both men and women suffer. Stefania laughs at the irony of feminists calliing me sexist over the years whenever I write about this. The reason she finds it funny? Because I'm the one who wants them to actually be... feminine. Whatever the case: Let's face it, they don't care what I think, and will have to figure their own shyt out. But as for men: I have written a series of short, fast-reading books for men who want to learn how to become more charismatic, persuasive, and influential - for business or their personal relationships - found in my “Villains” books series. Again, I am keen on writing a 4th one next year. But for now, the first three are here on Amazon: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/villains Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA