# defiling the founding fathers of copywriting

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 20 Jul 2025 02:15:21 +0000
**ID:** 198259d9e7614f20
---

The question was asked: “Lots of the seminal copywriters said not to use humor in copy. But you use humor a lot, and it's subtle humor too. Not the kind that everyone necessarily gets. Why are the rules different for email? Is it because you already have a relationship with the reader and you're working on deepening it?” This was a great, and timely question. My answer: I am pretty sure they are mostly clinging to what the late, great “founding father” of direct response copywriting as we know it, Claude Hopkins, said. And to a cold list they might be correct - although it’s always worth testing. Especially since that rule has been broken many times over the decades by guys like the late Jim Rutz amongst many others. But to your warm list, especially via email? It’s a whole ‘nother story. More: I have found infotainment also lets me “get away” with selling more often via email, and even more blatantly. In fact, I believe if a business wants to be able to use blatant - even to the point of obnoxiousness - sales pitches and not lose the best part of their list’s attention, trust, and subscribership… then infotainment is a must. In my experience, when done correctly, it trumps educating. It trumps content, too. And, yes, it absolutely trumps “Value.” But, again, only when done correctly. Which is what I teach in my popular “Infotainment Jackpot” book. The sale on it this week ends tomorrow Sunday 7/20 at midnight EDT. Until then, my hearty Horde can have it for over $100.00 off the regular price. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/jackpot Use coupon code: BENGOOLIE Make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA