# How marketers can stay out of jail

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 12 Dec 2025 16:49:53 +0000
**ID:** 19b13796af2980f8
---

“Imagine a big pharma executive with the FTC in his hip pocket reading this ad deciding if you’re competition." So said one of my clients many years ago, who was telling me about all the hoops a marketer has to jump through to keep things legal and compliant in sales copy in the health & supplement niche he was selling in. It was quite the education. And it explained a lot of tyrannical bureaucratic chicanery that goes on in direct marketing. Including being sued or potentially even jailed without even making any false claims. Anyway, I use the above as my guide when writing anything for our Low Stress Trading offers, too. You too can probably adapt that line to nearly any niche or situation with some thought. And whether you hire copywriters or write your own stuff, you can use the above approach to hammer out better, more compliant, and less-likely-to-require-heavy-editing copy than he normally would - especially in an industry or niche heavily regulated by government bureaucrats, and cornered by multi-billion dollar companies just itching to sic their hellhound lawyers on you. One way to use this approach is to be more compliant than the government mandates. The skeevy online marketers won't be able to comprehend doing that. But for everyone else: You go farther than the government mandates in your ads, copy, marketing to not be deceptive, not be misleading, not lies, twist facts, or hide flaws, drawbacks, etc etc etc. I can't speak for anyone else. But, I can say, in my businesses doing this has made for better sales, response, and customers. If nothing else you're more believable. And belief is the #1 emotion you to appeal to in marketing in my experience. Related: As far as that FTC line above goes, that line my client told me that changed my approach to copywriting is also in strict accordance with the method of persuasion & influence I teach throughout my book on sale today “NOfluence” - which shows how to sell without creating a lot of objections. And possibly without even needing to make a bunch of claims at all. I also have found doing this, yes, can potentially help keep your copy “legally clean” - although I still highly recommend having sales letters run by a good internet marketing attorney like Email Players subscriber Mike Young no matter how clean you think it is. (Word to the wise and all that) Sometimes one sentence or two can absolutely close a sale. With a happy, compliant, and eager-to-use your product or service customer created. During today’s 12-hour Seasons Emailings sale on my NOfluence book you can have it for a pleasantly plump 20% discount off the price listed on the sales page. The deadline is tonight (Friday 12/12) at midnight EST. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/nofluence Use code AZRIEL at the checkout (where it says “add referral code”) for the discount, and make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle P.S. If you already possess some of the Email Players issues this book is made up of, you’ll have to decide whether it is worth paying for this offer or not. So please read the sales letter thoroughly, and think carefully before purchasing if that is the case. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA