# 17 reasons why every marketer should mindlessly play this video game

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 26 Sep 2025 13:50:34 +0000
**ID:** 199864b7a96466d7
---

I speak of Dragon Warrior IV (from 1991). And this early RPG (role playing game) is in my humble, but accurate, opinion a power education in business, marketing, selling, copywriting, and even World-Building skills. Willis will be introduced to it when he’s a little older. And I still play it myself when I want to learn a new skill or get a deeper understanding of a skill I already possess. Reason why is, it teaches, almost by “osmosis” via playing it, skills like: 1. Thinking strategically v just tactically 2. Patience 3. Storytelling 4. Playing blackjack (a game many wealthy people play, not a coincidence) 5. World-Building 6. The dangers of not vetting strangers you let in to your own business community 7. The plight of customers/clients who are abducted by other businesses 8. The inherent flaws in farming off decision-making to so-called AI (see below) 9. Buying & reselling to make money when starting out with nothing (one of the characters you play is a family man & merchant named Taloon, who literally starts with $0, and you have to buy and sell, and use patience, to get good deals to build up his experience) 10. Disarming enemies/trolls with humor 11. The silliness & dangers of girl bossing 12. Dealing with the frustrations of being randomly attacked when going after a goal 13. The importance of building up the 'scar tissue' of experience to get things done correctly 14. Why people irrationally obsessed with the theory of evolution can’t be trusted 15. How to work within a team so everyone's strengths are accentuated, and their weaknesses put aside 16. The importance of comedy in life 17. The utter time suck of going after elusive bright shiny objects vs focusing on your Mission There are more. But I can say without any exaggeration that playing this game has amped up my business, marketing, copywriting, and even Options trading skills. And yes, it also gave me a very early-in-life distrust of so-called AI. How? Because the game forces its AI on you to play the characters at a certain point. In other words: Your party gets attacked, and it's idiotic AI plays all the characters except the main one, and takes the decisions (and all the fun) away from you. But, what I have been doing for years is, I used the old Game Genie to hack the game to make my own decisions with those characters, to make it all go a lot better, more smoothy, more successfully. So-called AI is a great super calculator-like tool which it is by its own admission. But you got boys & ghouls literally letting it write their ads and tell them what to do. Or, even more amusingly, even try to start relationships with it. I just saw a social media post about this, where the guy was literally bragging about using AI to talk to his customers to grow relationships. I have also recently heard goo-roos are letting it write their customer testimonials too. All of which has me thinking on something James Cameron said recently. He has been running around saying he tried to “warn” us about so-called AI in 1984 with Terminator. But I don’t think he has much to worry about with that. The world is far more likely to look like Idiocracy than Terminator. Anyway, back to Dragon Warrior IV: Playing this game also gave me an early education on the power of building a Sociological vs psychological business: focusing on the big picture stuff, within a very specific structure, vs majoring in the minors chasing after “what’s working now” and the alphabet soup of marketing jargon that just confuses, stresses out, and keep marketers in perpetual burnout over time. I never saw the joy in that kind of business. But to each their own, I suppose. If you want to see how we have been using Sociological Marketing to help grow a company something like 400% (maybe even more, I dunno anymore) in the past 12 months alone... and while not only not using any so-called AI, but banning it from even being mentioned in the community, see the October Email Players issue. I walk you through all kinds of ways to do this. And like an RPG, you choose how you apply it, your goals, how you like doing things. It’s far less about strangling rules and goo-roo dogma and far more about building your business to suit your preferences - which is something else talked about inside. You can read more about the October issue in the P.S. below. To pull the trigger and subscribe before the deadline, go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here is a “sneak preview” of what awaits you in the October Email Players issue if you subscribe in time before the deadline when I send the list to the printer: * How using porn-o disgraced two of the most brilliant direct marketers who ever walked the face of the Earth. (You can still learn a lot from these two - even if it’s a what-NOT-to-do situation.) * A sneaky storytelling secret used by a soap opera that’s been running non-stop for 62 YEARS... that can make it hard for customers to resist engaging with & buying your offers. * A real life example for how to “stack” 2, 3, 4, even 5 or more subscription/continuity offers without suffering from withering churn or burning customers out. * The “Jenny Factor” secret used by Walt Disney that can dramatically cut down on churn and dramatic sales dips - even during bad economies. * How to (100% legally & ethically) use a method perfected by an abusive, cult-like 1970’s self-help group to get so many more affiliates sales it will probably legitimately freak you out! (It freaked us out a bit, at least, when we started implementing it...) * What to if you’re kind of an off-putting jerk & arsehole but want to build good will and strong customer relationships. * A powerful sales conversion secret David Ogilvy discovered in the 1940’s (when working in the movie business) that can work even better for online businesses today. * An ingenious lead gen trick used by the world’s largest TV ministry (beamed into some 20-30 million households per day for the last 40 years) to rake in more revenue than they know what to do with... and without without begging (if anything they literally mock beggars), fundraisers, passing plates, or emotionally blackmailing people. * The startling discovery behind the most profitable marketing “funnel” that has probably ever been invented. * Why our Chief software developer Pedro (a true savant whose used his coding skills to build a platform for brain cancer research at a major university, if that tells you something...) refuses to code with so-called AI. (If anything, our business that has done over 400% growth in the last year, is hiring MORE developers even as everyone else is foolishly firing their teams to “save money.”) * A shrewd secret for growing a better and more responsive email list used by Old Testament farmers to grow better and more abundant crops. * The controversial “F-bomb” secret behind the enormous success of some of the most successful brands in history. (Including from beloved children TV hosts/authors like Mister Rogers and Dr. Seuss... to the most reviled church on the planet, polarizing filmmakers, late night talk show hosts and more. If they are/were big, chances are they did this F-bomb trick hardly any online businesses do.) * Advice to frustrated freelance copywriters who see clients doing dumb shyt all the time that only makes your job harder and response lower. * Ten people to study and model for World-Building to create a business people love to enter and hate to leave. (In my experience you will learn far more about growing a business observing these 10 people - many who aren’t/weren’t even “businesses” - than you will from some goo-roo prancing around a seminar stage or mastermind room.) * Insider secrets for potentially making more sales & more profits by NOT using 1-click upsells. * Why obsessing over direct marketing jargon like LTV, CPL, CPA, CPC, CTR, CAC... is a recipe for frustration, churn, & failure. (And what my businesses do that can create far more joy, peace of mind, and, yes, consistent cash flow.) * The “tyranny of metrics” phenomenon that can cause otherwise brilliant brands to make colossally stupid decisions, piss off all their customers, and even outright collapse almost overnight! * Why “selling the click” in emails (like spammers all do) is amateur hour at best... and what works far better to make sales, grow relationships, and create life time customers. * Why you should be ultra-skeptical of any SaaS offer that is NOT a subscription model. (Screw it. I might as well just give this one away here: People bitch & moan about subscriptions... but all them new development features, updates, and bug fixes ain’t gonna pay for themselves. Avoid cheapskates if you sell software, and everyone will be happier - including people who DON’T buy because it’s an “oh noes!” subscription.) * How to potentially create a customer base so rabid and “in heat” to support your business that cheerfully and aggressively refers almost everyone they know to you. * Why the vast majority of “name” goo-roos you see are not that great of marketers... just great at building audiences. (No need to take my word for it, simply observe them - especially the ones shilling so-called AI suddenly. It’s not like they hide this fact. More on this inside.) * How to make a bundle of new sales by deliberately NOT spending a lot of time on launch strategy, sales copy, emails, or campaigns. * A totally “counterintuitive” way one of my businesses uses to recruit the best affiliates in our network (Including one who recently put in over 500+ new members into our $1,000 up front, $100/month offer recently, with a couple more seriously interested who could very well dwarf that. You do the math...) * How to help figure out what business you are “really” in to create long term wealth far beyond what you ever could dream of now. Something to know before reading further: This inner game approach I teach inside has been used by everyone from Trump and Walt Disney to companies like Subway and Starbucks. We’ve been using it, for example, in our software business to be on track to make more cash flow/sales over the next 5 years than from the offers we sell in the company. If you do nothing but read, understand, and apply this, it can pay for literally 100 YEARS of your Email Players subscription. No joke, and no exaggeration. This is the #1 most profitable thing I have ever learned (from Dan Kennedy). And I am passing it on to those who read the October Email Players issue. To subscribe in time while you still can go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA