# What to do if you’re frustrated as hell at the blinking cursor

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 05 Aug 2025 12:45:11 +0000
**ID:** 1987a43be2a953ae
---

Many rotations of the earth ago, James Altucher wrote an email about 30-day challenges. It was quite an interesting list, too. Although, there were a couple things on his list I’ll never do. Like, for example, “live only in Airbnbs for 30 days.” I’d rather be waterboarded than stay in an Airbnb. But, the list was overall thought-provoking. And one of the things he said is perfect for anyone who wants to get faster at creating (human, not fake generative AI) content regardless of media/format, and able to pound that content out without struggling, squirming, or diddling around with vapid fapGPT outputs... trying to think up ideas. And, that idea was: Write down 10 ideas a day for 30 days. He equates it to exercising your idea muscles, like any other muscle. And, yes, I completely agree. In fact, I have been doing something similar - not as part of a challenge, but just as a result of having lots of ideas - for years. I have a folder on my hard drive with some 2,500+ various email ideas/subject lines/themes/offers. Plus, a 300+ page document full of Email Players issue ideas and fodder. And, I’m always adding to it. Whenever I am away from my computer and get an idea, I simply whip out my phone and email the idea to myself. The result? I don’t really worry about what to create content about. Nor do I need to ‘brainstorm’ anything with so-called AI like a spittle-on-the-carpet citizen of Idiocracy. I simply open the folder, take a gander, and pick whatever’s interesting. Of course, ideas alone don’t equal sales. The next step is knowing how to turn those ideas into content. Thus, my book: “Breakneck Content” It’s pricey for such a thin book… especially if you are one of these prole-minded types who thinks in terms of expenses instead of investments. I cannot help them folks, though. This is for actual business people who have the attention span to read a short book, broken down into quick “bites” of quick-implementation action tips that average less than 250 words each. Amusingly, most people don’t have even that attention span. Which is why I believe there’s no real “competition” out there - and certainly not from the AI digital girlfriend worshippers - for my boys & ghouls who use my content creation methods. And it is packed with ways to create content for your business, including: * Emails * Social media posts * Books (non-fiction or fiction) * Courses * Videos * Podcasts * Articles & blogs * Newsletters * Membership site content * Premiums & bonuses * And any other kind of content you might sell or sell with - including fiction (as I have) This baby is a very short, fast read. It's also on sale for 20% off the listed price. The deadline to get this book at a 20% discount is Friday 8/8 at midnight EDT. To hop on this deal do this: 1. Buy it before the deadline at the link below 2. Use code FAST at the checkout (where it says "add referral code") 3. Make sure you see the price change before entering your credit card info Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/breakneck Ben Settle P.S. This book is very small, very short, and very expensive. If you judge information by weight & volume then it’ll be a gigantic waste of money for you. It’s simple, “meat & potatoes” info I’ve used to pump out enormous amounts of content quickly over the last couple decades. However, it requires both thinking & ambition to use. And if you need hand-holding, coddling, or so-called AI then you should probably pass on buying it. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA