# Why I agreed with a literal communist over marketing goo-roos

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 03 Sep 2025 15:44:52 +0000
**ID:** 1991040ca14b43b8
---

Following is a true story about marketing goo-roos. Many years ago - pre social media - there was a forum I used to read with a lot of rabid engagement, a lot of good & smart people in there, with lots of good advice shared. And my “red pill” moment where I stopped believing anything virtue signaling goo-roos, or virtue signaling goo-roo "adjacent" marketers (guys namedropping their IM guru clients/friends/pals), say was when I saw some of them in there trying to raise money for a member who was a battered wife. I don't recall all the details, so it's possible I have a detail or two wrong. This was 20 years ago, I think. But here is what I do remember: She left her husband and took her 3 kids and needed to figure out what to and where to go. There was no gofundme type sites at the time. And some of the guys up in there who I remember pounding their chests about how much money they made, were hitting up the other members for donations for her. But in my way of thinking: If any of these guys made the money they talked like they did, they could have just written a check, privately, without virtue signaling about it, and taken care of it. Not unlike what Johnny Carson used to do. He'd read about someone in trouble in the news and, anonymously, write a check. Something that was not discovered until AFTER his death. These guys in the forum? They each could have probably taken care of it single-handedly going by how they bragged. But here they were, hitting up a lot of broke copywriters & marketers who could barely make rent. I remember thinking how ridiculous it was and I wasn't the only one. For example: There was a woman who posted a lot in there who, from what I could tell, is a communist. Or, at least, she certainly sounded like one. Everything she said about copywriting was as inane as what she said about politics. Even Gary Halbert went on there to troll her for dumb things she said, which was quite amusing from what I remember. Gary’s troll game was truly magnificent. Anyway, during “donation gate” she said exactly what I'd been thinking: If these guys make so much money why not just help her instead of grandstanding for props and high fives and trying to squeeze money out of the broke & struggling copywriters in there? It may very well be the only time in the history of my entire life where I've ever agreed with a communist. The result? I am pretty sure she got banned. And it made an impression, to say the least. Banning her for her bad copywriting & marketing takes (and they were quite bad) would have been more reasonable. But her merely questioning the motives of these guys who were always nattering on about their success got her booted. Again, going on memory, but that is how I recalled it. All right, ‘nuff said. I don’t know if there is anything you can do with this info. But if you're one of these marketers or copywriters dependent on the virtue signaling variety of goo-roos for traffic, clout, favors, client work, referrals, or anything else... I suggest changing that, fast. Owe no man nothing. That way you not only aren’t affected by these things, can call it out chicanery when you see it, and it will probably only make your business stronger. Anyway, sometimes I talk about things like this up in the free Settleheands Facebook group. If you want to join us go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/settleheads Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA