# Marvel Comics' cunning marketing secret that nobody talks about

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 18 Oct 2025 02:45:23 +0000
**ID:** 199f536b69901f3b
---

Let me tell you a little story. Marvel Comics was originally owned by Martin Goodman in the mid 1900s, and Stan Lee was merely writing childish stories for his titles he was embarrassed to have written. It is one reason he changed his last name to "Lee." He wanted to write novels same day, and not have his name besmirched by the silly stories he'd written. Martin was a pure what I call “psychological marketer.” Just like 99% probably of direct response marketers today are. And so his entire business plan was: (1) see what genre of comicbooks (horror, romance, war, westerns, super heroes, etc) are selling based on sales figures and trends (i.e., what people are buying or, for the goo-roo fanboys, "what's working now.") (2) flood the market with as many titles - no matter the quality of storytelling or art - as possible. And he admittedly became rich doing that. Just like many direct marketers have. But, it wasn’t until Stan Lee was about to quit, and decided to tell the kind of stories he’d always wanted to write and also that he thought the market would want based on 20 years of writing comics and getting a sort of "sensitivity" to his audience that mere sales trends and metrics couldn't possibly measure… when Martin became truly wealthy. Because that’s when Stan wrote the Fantastic Four. And Spider-Man. And The X-Men. And the Hulk, Thor, Daredevil, Doctor Strange… And the other characters/titles now making up a multi-billion dollar IP empire. At that point: Martin looked at the sales figures and the trends, and it became obvious Stan had created his own trend. What was "working now" was whatever he was writing. Although Marvel is all but a joke of what it was now with sales due to activist writers & directors & producers (not long ago, they even admitted to not hiring writers for the movies that know the comics and characters - which is stupid on a stick) they still get the benefit of it being what everyone else originally chased, and still chases today. Steve Jobs did something similar with Apple. In fact, when asked about what market research he did for the Apple 2, Jobs said: “Did Bell do any market research when he created the telephone?” Same goes for Walt Disney (Disneyland was a complete departure from the traveling carnival norm nobody thought would work). And William Randolph Hearst (he created the very concept of corporate synergy of stacking medias, which nobody was really doing before him). And even Donald Trump - especially with how he ran his three presidential campaigns. A lot of shooting from the hip, doing what the policy wonks thought would never work, and winning by a landslide even with the usual 1960s "Bugsy" Daley, Chicago-style ballot shenanigans going against him. And the list goes on. They did/do not engage in “psychological marketing” like Goodman and direct marketers today. They engage/engaged more in a term I invented several years ago called: “Sociological Marketing” Just like Stan Lee did, for example, when creating the modern Marvel universe. If anything, the psychological marketing came after the Sociological (usually when the accountants, bean counters, bankers, pollsters, investors start exerting influence). So obviously, I ain’t saying the typical psychologically-driven business-growth model you see in nearly all the direct response marketing books & courses doesn’t work. I’m just saying there are other approaches one can take than being a slave to a spread sheet, clicks, opens, etc etc etc. The "Tyranny of Metrics" book is must-reading to understand all this at a deeper level, incidentally. And Sociological Marketing is one of those alternative approaches. In my experience, Sociological Marketing can be far more satisfying, fun, and, if you’re set up for it, profitable than psychological marketing. But, I also admit this too: The Sociological Marketing approach I am talking about here is quite demanding & requires a lot of patience. And it is not at-all suited for someone who stubbornly ONLY clings to metrics, swipe files, checklists, coaching/hand-holding, the opinions of their Facebook friends or Twitter anon accounts they follow… or who requires a wink & a nod of validation from their favorite goo-roo in order to make a business decision. If anything, using this approach will probably get you laughed at or create a bunch of blank, confused faces if you try to explain it to Psychological Marketers. I have experienced this phenomenon a handful of times. And it’s one reason I am useless at masterminds. I’m rarely ever on the same “wavelength” as the room. I remember trying to explain this business approach to some colleagues at various masterminds or events, and they would either look at me like I was Bigfoot or else snickered & snarked at it - even as they whined and complained about their own declining sales, response, opens, clicks, whatever it was. Thus, I don’t bother casting this particular pearl before swine anymore. However, if you want to learn about Sociological Marketing… then you can in my book: “ParaSELL Universe” It is made up for various Email Players issues (including the one I mentioned above dedicated to Sociological Marketing) that teach the twin concepts I’ve pioneered of World-Building & Sixth-Generation Marketing Warfare - where selling, pitching, marketing, and promoting (directly or indirectly) can be done well before anyone sees an offer, or before a product is even created, with most of the selling being done by that company’s fans & customers (as well as its haters & trolls). And sometimes potentially without those customers even being aware of it by you using everyone and everything as a marketing media to sell with. It is also easily the most expensive book I sell. But, if you buy it before Sunday 10/19 at midnight EDT it’s yours at a 30% discount. ($861.00 vs the $1,230.00 it retails for) Use code ZOE by the deadline at the checkout (where it says “add referral code”) And make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/parasell Ben Settle P.S. This book is made up almost entirely of these ten Email Players issues (October 2020, December 2020, April 2021, July 2021, September 2021, January 2023, February 2023, August 2023, September 2023, and November 2023) + the transcript of a private consult I did for one of my customers who wanted some help in how to think about World-Building specifically. So if you already possess any of the above issues, you’ll have to decide whether it is worth buying ParaSELL Universe or not. Please think carefully before purchasing, either way. This is a significant investment. And it should not be frivolously purchased. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA