# The $250 whiskey shot product launch trick

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 29 Apr 2025 11:45:25 +0000
**ID:** 196815eff25f92e5
---

Email Players subscriber Parker Worth takes a shot at me after a coaching call: (When I did free coaching calls for people in exchange for mailing their lists about me) == Ben, After our chat, my fitness client's launch earned a cool $32k. A lot of that came from the $250 whisky shot positioning trick you told me. It gets better... I just wrapped up my own launch that did $23k without affiliates. A lot of launch work is in the pipeline, and I can't wait to sell the sawdust from it. Can't thank you enough for the insights man. I feel a lot of momentum. The future excites me. You've got a knack for making complex things simple. I guess that's what they call genius. === The whiskey shot trick he referenced is something I was inspired by for pricing offers really high to stand out in a crowded market place where everyone is competing on cheap. Most marketers don't have the balls to even test it, much less do it. I suspect it's because those who live in the realm of cheap think everyone else is cheap like them. Ah well. Whatever the case, Stefania saw Parker’s testimonial and added: “Considering how many marketers are catastrophizing about tariffs/AI/inflation etc. this is VERY VERY telling. Only the real ones (whether in Email Players or Low Stress Trading) are actually excited about what’s to come and not freaking out about the uncontrollable” This is exactly it. I see it in the slack, “bovine-like” faces of those who spend all day on social media who are far too busy working at losing than winning, or far too busy watching others dance & sing online instead of seizing the many opportunities right in front of them. We do live in the "everyone's a celebrity but nobody's got talent" age of online marketing and algorithms, after all. Contrast that to my best customers (Email Players subscribers) like Parker. If you want to join us in my merry horde of Email Players, it’s not all that hard or expensive. It’s a whopping $3.23 per day. Whatever the case: The next issue is about the approach I took to writing some direct mail test pieces to help grow our email list at Low Stress Trading. Using direct mail to grow an email list is a mystery to most. It was to me, too, at the time. But doing it, and investing my own money on the tests, and seeing the results was quite the crash course. You can learn more in the May issue. That is, if you don’t procrastinate. Tomorrow’s the deadline to get in on time: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. A lil’ taste of what you’ll learn should you get in before tomorrow’s deadline: * The creepy sales trick secret used by an infamously abusive cult to persuade 500,000 members to give them money… and doing it with near zero marketing expenses or budget. (And how to legally & ethically — and in a non-creepy way — apply what they did to your marketing… and without having to abuse anyone.) * A sneaky persuasion trick (straight from one of the single most successful phone salesman who ever lived) that can make prospects far more likely to want to buy from your ads. * The strange but true reason why NOT including 1-click upsells in your funnel can potentially make your business more sales. * Why the headline is NOT always the #1 part of an ad to spend most of your time on. (Headlines are extremely important, but nowhere near as much as they were pre-internet with unlimited pre-selling devices already seen well before the ad. These days, I spend far more time on THIS part explained inside than anything else, and the results have been speaking for themselves, to say the least.) * The “magic genie” secret behind some of the highest pulling sales letters and ads (including some ads written by total amateurs) ever written going back nearly 100 years. Again, tomorrow’s the deadline to get in on time. Here’s the magic link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA