# The death ground

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 28 Oct 2025 15:45:02 +0000
**ID:** 19a2b8028a3010a7
---

A true story from the bad old timey days: Sometime around 2003, I remember reading a newsletter John Carlton wrote explaining the weird phenomenon of freelance copywriters spending years being broke, near homeless, going without food and worse… to suddenly one day waking up to realize they’ve become so successful they have money stuffed in bank accounts they forgot about. And how at that point when you're fat and happy you might have to figure out ways to motivate yourself to get up and have the same work ethic & drive to succeed. I was pretty broke back in them days. And I could barely imagine what he was talking about. Today? I realize he was spot on. And I was reminded of this again while revisiting Robert Greene’s magnificent book: “The 33 Strategies of War” He talks about how certain very successful and powerful people have had to go to some pretty extreme lengths to get things done when they technically didn’t “have” to, by purposely forcing themselves into do-or-die situations. Like, for example, the story about Cortés sinking the boats. But a more relevant one to the business man: The story about what happened to Fyodor Dostoyevsky (author of Crime & Punishment, The Brothers Karamazov etc) who was supposed to be put to death for wrong think. Literal “cancel” culture back then. Like a lot of writers, he was slow, procrastinated, would spend a whole day on three pages, etc. And while he was hooded and waiting execution, he made a promise to God if he got out of this mess, he’d never waste his life or time again. And as if God was listening… his execution was stayed at the last second. Instead they slapped a 10 lb iron on him and put him in a forced labor camp. He labored there for something like 5 or 6 years. And during that time he was not allowed to write. So he “wrote” entire novels and stories during that time in his head. When he was released, and had to do a year in the military, they let him write and he wrote his arse off. When he got out of there, he became obsessed with writing. All the time. Every spare second, of every day and night. Friends would even see him walking around town reciting dialogue aloud and plots to himself, and thought he was a bit nutty. But he wasn’t nutty. He was just driven - he was not going to squander his freedom. Inevitably, all that prolific writing made him immensely successful. So successful, he felt his passion for writing going away. Suddenly it was easier to sleep in, take a day off, not write as much, etc. His solution? He put himself on what Robert Greene calls “the Death Ground.” In this case, he gambled all his money away and became destitute, which forced him to have to dive back into writing, with a fiery passion, just to eat and have a roof over his head. It’s an extremely powerful story. And, I can tell you, I’ve been in two such situations. The first time happened when Email Players became successful. I literally had that elusive 10-minute workday. i.e., get up, write some words, be done for the day, with a house paid in full, no debt, daily beach walks with my dog, lots of time golfing, visiting wineries all day, hanging out with my dad, road trips, speaking at events all over hell & gone… no real worries or motivation but to do the bare minimum. But then I decided to be a grown up. Something happened where I knew my business was on very shaky ground doing the bare minimum. So I did something very radical that was my own kind of Death Ground. And during that first Death Ground, my business almost (literally) doubled in sales, I wrote/launched/created all the copy and emails for more offers than I can remember in a short 8 or 9 month period. Then guess what happened? I got lazy again! And so I found another Death Ground - or rather, it found me, with Willis on the way, lockdowns, Summer of love rioting, uncertainty about the economy, a corrupt and dementia-riddled (anyone not drinking the kool-aid knew it in 2020) new President, etc. And in that time I did even more in sales, wrote/launched a couple more books, co-created multiple software platforms, leap frogged way ahead. The point: This Death Ground talk ain’t no fluke. The key is to figure out what your “Death Ground” is and… what it isn’t. I sure as hades wasn’t going to gamble anything away. And the second time, Willis was on the way so I couldn’t do anything too nutty. But my own Death Grounds I did exploit. And it can give you an almost supernatural-like sense of motivation to get more done in a very short period of time than probably most people on planet Earth do in an entire lifetime. No exaggeration. The problem: It’s extremely uncomfortable. If it wasn’t extremely comfortable, it wouldn’t be the Death Ground. And, in fact, it has to be so uncomfortable you think about literally nothing else but digging your way out - even at the expense of taking care of other things (relationships, friendships, marriages, parenthood, etc) that, if you neglect, can result in far worse problems than money. Thus, what I teach in the November Email Players issue. It’s sort of “Death Ground lite” in a way. I was asked by an Email Players subscriber last Summer about how to stay driven and keep pushing for growth without just sitting back and enjoying the success you’ve already built. And, specifically, what advice I would give to entrepreneurs and professionals who don’t want to get too comfortable or stuck in past wins. He asked, I answered. And my answer is also applicable if you’re NOT successful. If, for example, you’re in the hole, not on purpose, and want out. Especially during these volatile economic times which are only going to get worse. Merely birth pangs, with the actual birth of a whole new economy being the economic equivalent of when Stefania was induced to give birth to Willis - and refused pain meds - and was in more agonizing pain than I thought a human being could endure. Literally to the point where I thought her heart might give out. My prediction is that is what is coming down the pike. And hardly anyone is really mentally ready for it. Ain't no prompting AI your way out of this, and in fact, that's part of the problem. So my admittedly short (like most solutions - it’s not “easy” but it is “simple”), but I believe solid, game plan for mentally and professionally preparing for what’s almost certainly coming down the pike is contained inside the November Email Players issue, along with many other ideas, strategies, and ways to make more sales and better weather the storm (possibly even seize MORE marketshare from it all). The deadline to get on this action is just about here though. See the P.S. below for more info. If you’re ready to subscribe (and don’t if you’re not ready) go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Behold more of what you’ll learn inside the November Email Players issue: * Exactly what I’d do to rapidly build & grow an email list today if starting from scratch. * A totally manipulative social dominance technique used by an infamous WW2 Supreme Commander to get what you want from people without having to say a single word. (Use on your clients, and watch what happens!) * What to offer your list if you want to monetize it but don’t yet have anything to sell or plug. * The dark, twisted, even outright demonic reason (Gary Halbert unearthed back in the 70’s or 80’s but hardly anyone knows about today) why so many people are fat. * Advice for protecting your IP from being used to “train” so-called AI with. * A clever way to use the mute button on a phone, zoom, or other call to generate insanely profitable headlines, subject lines, stories, bullets, and themes for your ads & emails. * A surprisingly fun & effective way to profit from bum marketers copying your emails. * 9 ways to make totally commoditized content & topics sound sexy, exciting, and even new. * How to “outwit” software that flags actual human content as “AI” content. * An old school accountant trick for pre-writing your emails 2, 3, 4, even 6 months out. * How to turn being dirt broke into a powerful asset and advantage in your business. * The Gene Schwartz prophecies: his eerie warning for copywriters using and/or relying upon so-called AI he predicted decades ago - before even the internet itself! * How to “summon” like a genie from a jug all the energy & excitement you need to sell in markets that bore you to death. (Example: I used this trick “on” myself in the female weight loss niche that I hated selling to... and converted over 40% of the opt-in list to buyers. That wasn’t a function of “copywriting” as much as using this technique inside.) * A neat little trick for knowing if you’ve really done have enough research or not for your copywriting projects. * Ways to potentially “side step” rotten economies, disruptive technology (like so-called AI), and even weird left turns in laws/rules/regulations and seize marketshare while everyone else is panicking. * An instant tip off to know if a goo-roo or so-called influencer you’re tempted to spend money with is full of crap or not. * A powerful technique (discovered by one of the wealthiest self-improvement authors who ever lived) for banishing indecision when you’re not getting the results you want, and don’t know who to trust or where to turn. * What the late, great Gary Halbert warned about with using so-called AI to write sales copy way back in 1995! * How to be the “Netflix” of your list/audience/market - where YOU be their self-medication... (not some podcast or TikTok channel)... where YOU be their entertainment (not TV or movies)... And where YOU be the one they “tune” into each day (not news sites or social media). * How to get far less resistance from clients constantly questioning everything you do or always fighting you on even so much as testing your ideas. * An ingenious little “cheat sheet” (I’ve used for years) for keeping yourself committed, focused, & disciplined when you have a thousand things/people/forces beyond your control always trying to distract you. * A simple strategy (I learned from the great A-list copywriter Bob Bly years ago) for quickly “sizing up” clients to determine if they’ll be a nightmare or a joy to work with. * My “if you’re gonna be stupid, you might as well be smart about it” advice to marketers who insist on selling so-called AI tools & offers. And on and on and on it goes... To subscribe while you still have some time left to do so go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA