# fapGPT prompt idea

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 26 Jun 2025 11:44:41 +0000
**ID:** 197ac0e0d43ef03d
---

If you use it, I suggest prompting fapGPT to write an email for you that: * Combines, sifts, and sorts all the relevant info lodged in your subconscious that only can ever come out via self-expression like writing - that’s been hovering there, for years and decades, since you were a small child and even earlier. * Mix all that up with analogies, stories, and anecdotes based on your own deeply-rooted random experiences in your subconscious from your life and lives of others’ you know, things you've read or seen or heard, that can also only emerge via self-expression like writing. * Including random insights & thoughts that pop into your brain from books you’ve read, movies you’ve watched, conversations you've had (fleeting and deep) your brain can only connect to & combine through self-expression like writing. * And any other info that WOULD be accessible to your brain if you but sacked up and used self-expression via physically writing - either by hand or keyboard - it yourself, fighting the blank page, editing, writing some more and editing that, rinse & repeat... digging out the deep stuff that can only be extracted by hard work, instead of mentally fapping to your generative so-called AI tool of choice. * Taking advantage of the hand-brain connection that is well documented by neurologists to come from self-expression like writing. * Including info in your brain that can only really be harnessed & pulled out via fighting and conquering the blank page... and through multiple drafts/edits in many cases... by self expressive movement and struggle. Anyway, for a bit of fun today, I hereby predict this: When the AI for writing bubble has popped these boys & ghouls will pretend they never fell for it. Never pushed it. Were never naively enslaved to its corporate-created, FOMO-pushed Narrative, hoping everyone forgets they were shilling shovels but found nothing but fools gold themselves. May take a few years, like the mask & jab propaganda did. But that's my prediction. And it's also why I call generative AI the fake vacks of copywriting. Whatever the case: The July Email Players issue has a long, and I believe accurate, prediction on what else the fapGPT and other so-called AI prompters can expect in the coming weeks, months, and years. Sometimes I think I am going to miss it when the generative AI gold rush/mad dash phase ends. The entertainment factor, the billowing copium & hopium coming from every Linkedin post, the constant rationalization hamster-spinning about it letting them have written without actually writing has been world class. But then I realize: It will just be replaced by an all-new mad dash/gold rush phase. And so the goo-roo casino will continue... In the meantime: Might as well seize the opportunity while you can. And if you want to learn some ways to grow your business, marketing, sales, engagement, and response during this time window where seizing lots of marketshare from the AI nerds could not be any easier, I highly suggest focusing long and hard on mastering the art & craft of infotainment. It is the #1 skill, and nothing else comes close. So much so, I dedicate the entire July Email Players issue to it. You can read more about exactly what it teaches below. Or, here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here you go: * The “you can go to hell!” headline (or subject line) secret to getting so much engagement it’ll probably freak you out the first time you use it. * A crazy-ass Method Acting trick that helped my sales copy build a six figure per month business in the golf niche. (I’d never even played golf at the time, yet this trick beat the hell out of the control written by a far more seasoned golf niche copywriter right out the gate.) * The “multiple personality” phenomenon for writing world class email and sales copy. (If you haven’t “heard” the voices of the markets you’ve written to haunting your psyche 24/7 years after writing the copy, it means you’re still sane, but probably not making the sales you could. Use at your own risk.) * The semi-insulting reason reason Email Players subscribers without the ability to think abstractly struggle with using the content. (Something to consider before subscribing - don’t say you weren’t warned.) * How to make your emails, social media, sales copy more fun for people to consume than their favorite Netflix, Hulu, Apple, Amazon, and other streaming shows/movies. * An ingenious method (used by Marlon Brando in his most celebrated roles) that can potentially ramp up your email engagement and sales as much as 2 or even 3x over time . A sneaky acting technique (I’ve never seen a single marketing goo-roo teach) seen in “The Godfather” that created chillingly* perfect performances... and how to use it to create such almost chillingly strong relationships with your leads, prospects, customers, and clients they may not want to buy from anyone BUT you. * Advice to people who write emails and social media posts in advance to potentially cut your writing time in half - and without using TikTok brain-level generative AI. * The single best free resource (found on Facebook) I’ve ever used for hammering out infotaining emails, social media posts, audio/video content, and even sales copy. (Next time you get “stuck” for ideas simply go to this Facebook page, read a post or two, and watch as interesting, engaging, and cashflow-creating content will probably flow right out of your brain. That’s been my experience, at least.) * A shrewd market research tip from actor Christopher Lloyd that make your business a pile of new sales almost immediately - and possibly even the first time you use it. (A caveat: if you suck at pattern recognition this tip WILL NOT work. Fair warning...) * The 6-word “folk horror” secret behind some of the highest grossing sales letters ever penned. * The little-talked about infotaining sales letter/email template (used in certain Gary Halbert and John Carlton ads - if you know what to look for) I’ve been quietly using in my most engaging content for over 20 years. * A beat-for-beat breakdown of one of the most profitable emails I’ve ever written that was 14 PAGES long! (Email goo-roos saying long emails don’t “work” should be ignored. And this email proves it. Inside I walk you through my 14-page monster you can probably use in your very next email to get more engagement & sales, if you choose.) * The “never have to worry about money ever again” secret used by Bruce Willis and Samuel Jackson to get all the money, fame, and respect they could stand... even though they made far MORE box office duds than successes. (This trick was also used by Stallone, Keanu Reeves, Mel Gibson, Arnold, and others... and if you know what you’re doing, you can apply this directly to your own business to STEAL engagement and sales right out from under your competitors’ noses.) * A dire warning from a Mad Man-era advertiser whose advice seems almost like prophecy today for anyone using generative so-called “AI” to create content. Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA