# AI is the pronouns of tech

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 10 Nov 2025 18:45:15 +0000
**ID:** 19a6f164162d7165
---

There was a post from Reddit floating around a while back that was from someone who had to do a job interview via some app called Teams. So this person hopped on the link 5 minutes early and someone showed up in the meeting room, greeted this person being interviewed, and started asking questions. As this person put it: “I noticed their tone and voice was rather monotonous and flat. Creepy, but I thought maybe that was just their personality. Then I had the suspicion I was being interviewed by AI...” Then the person tested it out by: * stopping answering questions * noticed silence, followed by the same monotonous voice * And then got (and I quote) “creeped out in my skin, so I just left” Later on the recruiter who set it up admitted it was AI. Amusing stuff. But anyone using so-called AI to replace tasks and jobs better done with humanity is rather amusing to watch in the wild, in my opinion. The above person’s reaction was like the perfectly natural human reaction to the abnormal that a guy realizing his date in a dress and with lots of makeup he just spent all night with is a "he" not a she. One of many reasons why I mock a lot of AI as the pronouns of tech. And no matter how much people running around shilling so-called AI coaching and tools and info products for content insist nobody can tell the difference, it's the worst it will ever be, give it two more years, and how you need to just shut up and reject the evidence of your eyes and your ears... I highly doubt it will change anything. More and more people realize there's a Godzilla-sized market correction is building up due to how AI is helping prop up the stock market yet 95% of those companies make no money, not to mention all the accounting chicanery going on in plain sight the government benefits from and seems to not care that much about. The AI geek chorus hears that and says, "but we got to invest in AI or China wins!" But I've noticed the people who say that use the cheap & free tools, and ain't "investing" in jack shyt. The actual investors wanting ROI? More and more are publicly, on record, starting to ask questions, as is the financial media. Eventually don't be shocked if they start pulling money out. And if/when a big enough player does that the real fun begins. I don't know what to tell people about that other than to triple down on building your list now while you can... while getting better at selling (not prompting), and growing an Obsession with delivering world class Service and giving a powerful buying Experience where people only want to do business with you and only you. Topics I'll be writing about in great detail inside Email Players in the coming months. Until then? I talk about this sort of thing at times in the free Settleheads Facebook group. You can join us here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/settleheads Ben Settle P.S. This won't add anything to most peoples' lives reading this. But for those who are in Low Stress Trading via buying from one of my affiliate links over the past few years, I am giving away free access to my next course during a contest tomorrow to celebrate my 1-year anniversary trading the framework. The course is 9+ hours of content. And probably in some ways it's the most valuable course I ever created I'm launching in January. See the post I put up this morning inside the Email Traders group inside the Low Stress Trading community for how to get access to it free, by participating in tomorrow's contest. You can get this course free tomorrow, or pay for it in January. Makes no difference to me either way, but it might make a difference to you.. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA