# My secret, shameful case of VD

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 28 Nov 2025 17:44:49 +0000
**ID:** 19acb92eb382ac6d
---

“VD” being Vox Day. A guy who is not only banned on the Google company grounds, but whose name being mentioned is, I believe, shadow banned on certain social media platforms. This email itself could very well be in lots of junk/spam folders now just for mentioning him. But he’s a pioneer of a lot of ideas you see certain goo-roos running around teaching as if they’d figured it out. I’ve been reading his work since 2001 in his WorldNetDaily columns. I’ve also invested heavily in a couple of his projects, too. Incidentally, if you’ve seen the following being taught/talked about on social media: * “Sigma” males (long since bastardized with the original context mangled by idiot influencers) * Religion NOT being the cause of most or even hardly any wars in history - which even Wikipedia was forced to admit to, I believe, after Vox documented it for the atheists who’d been parroting that particular trope forever * His works on economics to critique the theory of so-called evolution * Showing Jordan Peterson as intellectual fraud when practically the entire conservative community worshipped him as intellectual savior ... all either being popularized and/or else originated by Vox Day, as far as I can tell. His work on these topics are now becoming “mainstream” on Twitter these days, I have noticed. And he was saying it years before it was “safe” to, and where just thinking the wrong thoughts would get you de-platformed or cancelled. For example, I mentioned his old WorldNetDaily articles above. Well guess what? As I remember it, they canceled his column for using basic math & documented history to prove a point. Will not explain. More: His books “The Irrational Atheist”, “SJWs Always Lie”, SJWs Always Double Down”, and especially “Corporate Cancer” are must-reading for anyone in business. Especially if you want to be able to better monetize and/or just protect your business from trolls, slanderers, left wing social activists, and other snakes in the woodpile who’d take you and your business down - as employee, business associate, JV partner, outsourced services, even friends, family, and customers/clients just for a virtue signal. But his most important prediction? The one I argue affects most business people reading this? Something he first wrote way back in 2004 when he got mocked, laughed at, and ignored for saying it - even by a lot of his own fans and followers. But now it’s gone mainstream with even the pinheads on CNN, FOX, MSNBC, and various internet sites admitting it’s happening. And that is: The US breaking up. Vox says it’ll happen by 2033. You can look up his 2033 reasons on his blog for the details. Anyway, I talk a little about why I don’t bet against Vox Day when it comes to history & economics, specifically - and mostly in context of email - up inside the December Email Players issue. You can read more about what’s inside in the P.S. below. The deadline to subscribe in time is in two short days. I wanted to end 2025 with a bang. And I daresay this issue does just that. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. A lil’ taste of what else is waiting for you inside the December Email Players issue: * Unusual tips for creating your first digital product when you’re not sure what to sell, not sure if anyone will want what you sell, or not sure if your ideas are even likely to sell. * The trick to positioning your brand as a trusted authority worthy of listening to & buying from right from the get-go. * A quickie, “idiot’s guide” to creating a marketing funnel if you’re not sure what to do, where to begin, or who to listen to. * How one-man-band businesses can stand out even as the “AI email avalanche” continues to create more and more noise and inbox clutter. * The ingenious Gene Schwartz trick (based on neurophysiology research of his day) for turning stray brain farts into world class headlines, subject lines, story lines, bullets/fascinations, even entire offers. * What email copywriters who insist on using generative so-called AI should know about Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail and other inbox services. * The shrewd creativity trick I’ve been using for over 20 years to generate nearly unlimited profitable ideas for emails, sales copy, books, newsletters, and marketing campaigns across multiple businesses. * A surprisingly effective headline-writing technique (used by writers of the New York Post and other popular rags) you can watch in a popular Bugs Bunny cartoon on YouTube. * Advice to struggling copywriters that can help you almost immediately extract more joy (and profit) from your work. * An insanely profitable (but definitely NOT easy to pull off) secret found in Robert Greene’s “33 Strategies of War” for potentially making more sales in a few months than you probably would in 10+ years otherwise. (I’ve done this 3 times. And while I can say it worked to almost spooky degree, it can also literally take years off your life if you’re easily stressed, rattled by uncertainty, or burned out.) * A strange - but true - way to “leap frog” over the time, frustration, & uncertainty phase of creating high-priced offers that can potentially sell like hotcakes to your list. * A bizarre method (taught by the late A-list actor Steve McQueen towards the end of his life) for having almost supernatural levels productivity. * How to become so “emotionally one” with your prospects that you can know almost exactly what they want to buy with potentially near-pinpoint precision. (And without having to twist around with endless pre-testing, surveys, or even asking them.) * The “mask of influence” secret (perfect for hardcore introverts) used by Johnny Carson to help him become one of the richest & most celebrated brands of his day. * Some raw and unfiltered thoughts about how to build equity in a solo business. (Including how I approach doing it in my own company.) * What you absolutely must do first (assuming you don’t want to lose a ton of customers, at least) to safely convert a digital membership model into a print newsletter model like mine. * What to do if your email copywriting game is tight but your promos keep flopping left and right. * A “switch” you can flip in your brain that can help protect yourself from withering burnout. * What I’m teaching my own flesh-and-blood son about how to have as consistently high physical, mental, and creative energy levels as possible. * One thing almost all people who tend to live longer do that almost all people who tend to die early don’t. To subscribe before the deadline in just two short days go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA