# Writer who hates writing invents ridiculously engaging writing secret

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 20 Jun 2025 19:44:50 +0000
**ID:** 1978edf63094b677
---

Last month Star Wars creator George Lucas celebrated his 81st birthday. I’ve long said his biography (the one by Brian Jay Jones) is arguably the single most valuable biography I’ve ever read as far as business goes. And it’ll never not be ironic to me how much he absolutely hated writing, put it off as long as he could, struggled with it… getting nothing but mockery & disdain from the critics… yet created arguably some of the most profitable stories ever written. He also dropped another zinger in an interview with Turner Classic Movies recently. Specifically about Yoda. And, even more specifically, why he had Yoda speak backwards. Yoda was really the make-or-break it part of The Empire Strikes Back. If the puppet didn’t work, if it came off as fake and stupid or silly… if Frank Oz didn’t nail the nuance/voice/personality just right… the entire movie would be a gigantic flop, and his career mostly likely coming to a fast end. To which Lucas admitted about why he had Yoda speak backwards: "Because if you speak regular English... people don’t listen that much. But if he had an accent, or it’s really hard to understand what he’s saying, they focus on what he’s saying. . .He was basically the philosopher of the movie. I had to figure out a way to get people to actually listen... especially 12-year-olds" That could be an entire copywriting seminar unto itself. Clever use of language can make even boring writing exciting. And that is one reason why I talk about the power and nuance of using dialectic vs rhetoric in my Copywriting Salesliloquies: Vol 1 book on sale at a thick discount for just a little longer until tonight. It has all kinds of writing “nuance” tips for more sales & engagement. Many of which, I believe, once you learn them you’ll never look at sales copy the same. That has been my case as I learned, used, and in some cases invented the tips inside. As far as the book goes: This book includes the June 2020, February 2021, June 2021, & May 2022 Email Players issues which were all about copywriting. Plus, it also includes the transcripts of a couple intense line-by-line sales letter analyses (for my Subscription Biz & Social Lair book offers) I did for our $499/month Profit Pirates coaching clients. Lots of stuff I either couldn’t fit into my Copy Slacker book (already 800+ pages). Or stuff I learned since writing Copy Slacker. And before you even ask: No, you do NOT need Copy Slacker to learn from the info in this book. If anything, it serves as a nifty “prequel” (or sequel if you already possess it) to my Copy Slacker book you can learn from regardless of your experience, knowledge, or skill level now. It’s also on sale at a fat discount until tonight, Friday June 20 at midnight, EDT. That doesn't leave you much time. Simply do this: 1. Go to the URL below 2. Read the letter carefully to make an informed purchase 3. Use code WILLIS at the checkout (Make sure you see the price change before entering your info) http://www.EmailPlayers.com/salesliloquies1 Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA