# Marketing funnel secret of Hollywood’s most underrated writer

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 26 Apr 2025 11:44:56 +0000
**ID:** 19671eb9bea62543
---

A cautionary tale for Sylvester Stallone fans who build marketing funnels: When Stallone (who I consider to be one of Hollywood's most underrated writers) made Rocky 3 he had what was called “The body of the 80’s” by The International Federation of Bodybuilders. He was also called “Surrealistically fit” by the media. A lot of men used his achievement as inspiration and women swooned. And at the time it was legitimately unique, and a showcase of his otherworldly discipline and will power to get his body that way. Or so it seemed. By his own admission: 1. His body fat was down to 2.8% (if that is even possible) 2. His body was in an extremely unhealthy state. That low of body fat is simply not healthy for anyone. (As he put it, “I had veins in my hair!”) Not only did he severely overtrain (run 3 miles in the a.m., then do 15 rounds of sparring, followed by two hours in the weight room, then do 500 sit ups, eat, nap, do it all over again… plus more heavy lifting, swimming, and got so obsessed with training he’d leave parties at night to go home and train, butchering his nervous system and hormones and doing all kinds of damage to himself)… but his diet was just a can of tuna with burnt toast, followed by 30+ espressos just for energy. Yeesh. You don’t need to be a doctor to know that ain’t sustainable, healthy, or good. Plus: That doesn’t even count the headaches he suffered. Or the horrifying memory loss and lapses. Or the light headedness and almost passing out while filming. Plus all the other health problems he was having during that time. Yes, he “looked” superhumanly strong and healthy. But the reality was the compete opposite. The rub: Besides the whole “looks can be deceiving” truism… this applies to business and marketing, too — especially when it comes to marketing funnels, in my opinion. For example: Aesthetically, think of the dork you see on social media (there is always at least one) nattering on about his vaunted funnel. The guy showing everyone a diagram with 30 different steps/actions/conversions, all connected, that looks like an insane MLM hopped up on cocaine. He might look like he knows what he’s doing. He might even look like he’s doing something worth emulating. But even if what the guy shows is merely 10% legit (and I always just assume they are all full of crap) I doubt they have even one proven evergreen offer in place. Because they ain’t thinking that way. They’re looking at aesthetics of their business and not the overall health of their business. So yes, they “look” strong at a glance. But I can almost guarantee you, with probably only a few rare exceptions, it’s a weak funnel, propping up a weak business, run by a weak marketer who is weak in the fundamentals, and probably gets all their marketing education from Facebook groups or by watching overrated goo-roos prance around the room at masterminds teaching tips and tricks. More: If you are on a constant quest to swipe, clone, copy, or “prompt” what another successful business is doing when it comes to their funnels… and if you are doing it without understanding the logistics and variables behind WHY what that business is doing works so well for them… then you, my friend, are doing the equivalent of the guys back in the 80’s who followed Stallone’s insane workout and dietary regiment. i.e., not realizing maybe it worked for him, at that time, and in that situation. But it wasn’t sustainable. Nor was it very smart by his own admission. And while Sly got lots of media and fanboy admiration… he was essentially killing himself. You can say the same about a lot of Hollywood physiques. You think they aren’t on all kinds of illicit substances? Or they don’t go to extreme lengths to look good for one single camera angle in one single scene that will make up maybe a few seconds of screen time? See Hugh Jackman’s water cut for a shirtless scene for The Wolverine. He’s always running around warning people NOT to do it. And so it is with your business’ funnels. In fact, the single most profitable funnels I’ve ever used have always done the exact opposite of the funnel guys bragging about their complex funnels. And, also in fact, I show you exactly how one of those funnels is structured right on page 3 inside the May Email Players issue. It takes less than a page to show it, it’s so simple. And it’s extremely profitable, even though it purposely has zero 1-click upsells. To see this along with the approach I recently used to write a couple direct mail test pieces that the winner did 5x the industry average for response and even the loser did 3x that average, that’s what the issue talks about. To subscribe before the deadline go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s a “sneak preview” of what else is inside: * The identity of the guy I believe is the greatest “unsung hero” of marketing funnels — and why you’ve probably never heard of him before. * An almost foolproof way to structure your marketing that can help sell any future offers you create well before you even create them. * The ugly little secret to starting off zoom sales presentations for helping get far more engagement and sales than you do now. * Best “sleeper” approach to copywriting for selling to completely trust-broken and severely jaded prospects who think every word you write is horse shyt. * The #1 thing to dig out of your research if you want maximum sales & response that has nothing to do with benefits, claims, stories, turn-of-phrases, or anything you probably see your Facebook friends talking about much less doing. And a ho’ lot more. The above is just a few brief “glimpses” at what awaits you. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA