# Bigfoot shills for his own brand

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 04 Dec 2025 16:45:29 +0000
**ID:** 19aea41335f4c834
---

I once read a Weekly World News article about how Bigfoot got tired of living in seclusion & squalor, and decided to “go corporate” with his brand. Here’s how: He put on an Armani suit, and contacted Sky Mall magazine - that sells all kinds of products to people flying in planes - and agreed to license his likeness to a bunch of the products they sell, such as ornaments and garden sculptures, etc. The Hairy One realized his brand is hot, and so did Sky Mall, and they did some serious bid'niz together. In fact, Bigfoot’s brand was so hot he had to retain a lawyer. Why? Because Bigfoot neither licensed nor approved his name or any likeness to be used in conjunction with the monster truck of the same name. And, according to his lawyer, they also decided to go after Universal Pictures, the makers of the 1980’s film Harry and the Hendersons, for the same reason. What? You think this is stupid and silly? Maybe you’re right. But, it still illustrates an important lesson about the value of a hot brand. And, if you want a "bigfoot" kind of brand so hot it stirs up a horde of fanatical fans who can't wait to buy your righteous wares too, my Brand Barbarian book - on sale at a 30% discount off the listed price during today’s 12-hour Seasons Emailings sale - might be able to help you turn the trick. The sale ends tonight Thursday, 12/4 at midnight EST, though. So that doesn’t leave you much time. To get it at the 30% discount off the listed price go here immediately: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/brand Use code BIGFOOT at the checkout (where it says “add referral code”) for the discount, and make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle P.S. Read the sales letter very carefully before buying. Especially the PS about “overlap.” Don’t just click, add to cart, and purchase blindly. This is a book that is deliberately not intended for most - or even very many - people in my Horde, for reasons that will be obvious when you finish reading the sales letter. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA