# How to manipulate a beautiful woman into doing your bidding

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 17 Sep 2025 13:44:47 +0000
**ID:** 19957ed644a11f6a
---

I once did the proverbial deep-dive into a book called: “Backstory” And it contains interviews with golden age screenwriters that are chock-full of marketing, copywriting, and persuasion insights. Them old school screenwriters and directors truly understood human nature & psychology. And when you read how they thought, solved problems, and worked… you start to see all kinds of marketing & copywriting techniques you simply won’t find in any book, course, seminar, or other program. Take the movie “Rear Window.” Easily one of my all-time favorite movies. But, also, one of my all-time favorite marketing “seminars” in and of itself. If you have not seen the movie: The main character Jeff is an older, rough-around-the-edges (not at all sophisticated, extroverted, or the type to dress up or go to parties) photographer who usually lives out of a suitcase. He also has a broken leg from getting too close to a racing car crash he got a photo of, and lives a life of high adventure, with never more than a week’s salary in the bank. His girlfriend Lisa, on the other foot, is a high society socialite and his polar opposite. She loves fancy clothes, fancy dinners, and fancy gifts. She is also young and beautiful and graceful. And she can have any man in New York City she wants. Including high value men with lots of money, fortune, and fame. Jeff and Lisa couldn’t be more different. Yet she is madly in love with Jeff. And it’s fascinating how he keeps her in a constant state of loving him, despite all reason, logic, and practicality telling her otherwise due to them being so opposite, and him not at-all being the kind of guy anyone would think she should be madly in love with. Anyway, their interactions are like mini masterclasses in persuasion. And not-so-accidentally: What Jeff does is how I originally (BENevolently) “manipulated” Stefania. Like Jeff and Lisa, Stefania and I could not have been more opposite when we first met in my old elBenbo’s Lair Facebook group. She was a bar hopping New Yorker, a Millennial, and pro-choice/pro-Bernie/Hillary liberal scared of guns, rednecks, and right-wingers who behave & think like Yours Unruly. Our interactions were very much like Jeff and Lisa’s in the movie early on. And today? She’d tell you she’s not the same person she was 9 years ago. Literally the polar opposite. Especially on the above issues. (She doesn’t call herself “Genghis Mom” for nothin’) More: Both Jeff and I used the same persuasion “technique” to keep our women madly in love. To bend them to our devious ways. And, ultimately, to make them both way happier as a result. Here's why I am going on and on about this: In my book “NOfluence” on sale today, I go into detail behind how I used this technique on Stefania… how Jeff used it on Lisa (including dialogue from the movie so you can study it in minute detail)... and even another example from the movie “Gone Girl” - where the main character Nick Dunne uses this same technique to help save him from facing the electric chair. His only way “out” is this technique taught in “NOfluence.” Plus, I also show you the exact part of the script where he does it. Take all the above, along with the context & real-life examples (from my own businesses as well as various Email Players of the horde's businesses I feature) inside the book, and I daresay it could be one of the single most potent lessons in persuasion you’ve ever seen. A tall order for sure. But the proof is in the reading & doing. During this week's sale (until Friday, 9/19 at midnight EDT) you can have it at a $120.00 discount (so for $480.00 instead of $600.00) off the listed price at the link below. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/nofluence Use code AZRIEL at the checkout (where it says “add referral code” under the price) for the discount. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA