# the copywriting genius nobody knows

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 26 Aug 2025 15:44:57 +0000
**ID:** 198e70ebe0b2d99d
---

Let me tell you a story about one of my all-time favorite copywriting teachers: Ken McCarthy. It’s funny because he doesn’t even consider himself a “copywriter” - yet he’s insanely good at it, and sees nuance in it in ways few others I know do. He’s written ads for his own business that have generated some 8-figures in sales for his own offers, and even gets “fan mail” about his ad copy from guys like Dan Kennedy (who features Ken’s work in his Ultimate Sales Letter book) and the great Gary Bencivenga (universally considered the World’s Greatest Living Copywriter). He also is the reason you and I can freely sell online at all. That is, at least, without paying ol’ “Man bewbs Bill” Gates for a license to do so. And no, that's not an exaggeration. His book “How the Web Won” is must-reading for this reason alone. Especially since there are some shadowy forces trying to undermine it all once again. But back to copywriting: Way back in 2005-2006 he hired me to write the ad for his own copywriting course. He is a “positioning” guy. Meaning, yes, he could have written it himself. But he wanted it to come “from” one of his students. And still I remember him constantly rejecting my headlines. One after another even to the point where I kind of just threw in the towel, went away for several months, then came back later realizing, “You know, I could at least sell his magnificent course as an affiliate to my own list even if he doesn’t want to use it...” And I made a lot of money selling it as an affiliate doing just that. And many years later, circa 2021, I looked at that ad again. And I realized how ineptly I wrote it - especially the headline. So I asked him if I could rewrite the thing out of pure ego. He was all too happy to let me do it. And I wrote one based off something I learned from studying an old school - very controversial - newspaper publisher & ad man whose writing was so off-the-wall crazy one of his own magazines got him throw in jail! His headlines were “must see” no matter what he was selling. In fact: Email Players subscriber, and one of the most brilliant direct marketing minds on the planet, Brian Kurtz told me the King of Fascinations himself (Mel Martin) used this newspaper guy’s ads as his own inspiration, which I did not know originally. Don’t quote me on that. But that is what I recall Brian saying in an email to me last year. I talk about all these guys in the September Email Players issue. And in Ken’s case, a few months ago he sent me an off-the-cuff email analyzing a headline I wrote for some copy that got 5x the industry average response for direct mail, why he thought it worked so well, and all kinds of insights from his five decades of writing ad copy, working alongside guys like Dan Kennedy, and other greats he featured in his System Seminar. Some of the insights he had were familiar to me. After all, I used a lot of what I learned from HIM to write the ad and headline. But there were also quite a few insights about this headline I wrote, that I must have known on some kind of subconscious level, but had never consciously thought about, much less articulated before - including not in any of my own books, newsletters, or other works about copywriting and headline writing. I remember forwarding this “copywriting seminar in an email” to the Email Players subscribers writing the Facebook ads for our Low Stress Trading offer that same day. And they were just as blown away and brimming over with new ideas for how to approach it as I was. Very powerful info. I would even say this: What Ken sent me in that raw, unfiltered email is the single best headline training I have ever seen, anywhere else, for any price - including courses and products about copywriting I’ve paid as much as $5,000 for. This is no exaggeration. And of course, I asked Ken for permission to reprint his email in a future Email Players issue to share with my best boys & ghouls. Enter the September issue. It contains Ken’s email, uncut or filtered, with nothing changed, as written. My prediction? Those who read it who write ads are gonna be some smiling mo’ fo’s. But if you want in on time for the September issue, time ain’t on your side. When I send the mailing list to the printer, it’ll be too late. I’ve literally been called a “deadline nazi” by people who have learned this the hard way. So that’s quite the accurate term for me. I have zero respect for the pleas of those who can’t make clearly-defined deadlines. It’s literally the mark of a flake. So on that note, here’s what to do: 1. Read the PS below for the details of what all is inside the September issue 2. Use the link below to subscribe when ready 3. Sit back, relax, and wait for the September issue Here’s where to subscribe while you still have a little time left: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s what is inside the September Email Players issue: * Sneaky psychological tactics I used to write the headline for one of the single most profitable sales letters ever run in the history of the self defense niche. * A headline secret used by the billionaire newspaper tycoon William Randolph Hearst (that John Caples also secretly used, too) that can help you exponentially amp up your ad or email readership, response, and, if you have a good offer... sales. * An ingenious way (used by certain, very savvy public speakers to seize a large room full of peoples’ attention) to write headlines for getting people to “lean in” to read your sales pitches. * An old timey day copywriter’s trick for pre-testing your headline’s power without showing it to anyone, without getting any critiques, and without guessing, wondering, or agonizing over it. * A surprisingly profitable headline technique from the movie “Citizen Kane” that can help even a rank amateur write headlines that stand out from anything else their prospect is being distracted by. * The headline trick of a kooky old newspaper space ad genius (who once got jailed for his writing!) for making your ads stand out head & shoulders from practically anything else on the internet, the inbox, social media, or anywhere else. * An example of how to write “bad ass” headlines - where prospects literally might think, “what a bad ass!” and have a hard time not reading the rest of your copy just to see what it’s about. (This won’t lend itself to every ad you write, and your milage may vary - but every time I do it never seems to fail.) * The strange (but 100% proven) secret for getting a higher response to your ads... by deliberately NOT going through the product or using the service you’re selling. (I doubt even a single copywriting “guru” will approve of this - but I have done it many times, including in a recent direct mail test that got exceptionally hight response.) * Two “stealth” emotions (most copywriters don’t even realize ARE emotions... they’ve been so brainwashed by horse shyt) to wrench on in your headlines, subject lines, and content titles to help nab higher response & sales. * The best (and totally free) place I’ve ever used to get genuinely useful copywriting critiques. * A red flag that can help you almost instantly know if a chest-pounding copywriting goo-roo you want to learn or buy from is just talking out of his arse. * A word-for-word email one of my all-time favorite copywriters (who has gotten “fan mail” from guys like Dan Kennedy and Gary Bencivenga, if that tells you something) sent me about how to knock out headlines that can double, triple, maybe even quadruple your response. (I DEFY anyone - newbie or seasoned pro - to read what he said and not write far more profitable headlines the very first time you use it.) * Psychological “triggers” that can help make it almost neurologically impossible to ignore your headlines - even when competing against 1,000+ other click-bait headlines fighting for your prospect’s attention. . * The shrewd “anti-NLP” headline secret (used by both David Ogilvy and Gary Halbert) for helping you get near instant focus from prospects reading your ads or emails. * How Mel Martin (the “King of Fascinations” whose alter many of the best A-list direct mail copywriters who ever lived have worshipped at) penned some of the most insanely profitable headlines in copywriting history - and often without using promises, claims, benefits, or any silly “click-bait”-like appeals. * NON-legal advice (let the record show, Your Honor) for health offer copywriters who want to write headlines that work like gangbusters while also helping keep your ads off Big Brother’s radar. * A clever way to use Facebook to help you see if a headline idea has any “legs” without spending any money or running any ads on there. * One of simplest and most effective “pattern interrupts” you can use in advertising headlines right now. (Not just sales letter headlines, but email subject lines, article titles, book titles, and more.) * How to shut the yap of the Doubting Thomas in every prospect’s brain - who’s whispering in his ear, trying to determine if he should read the rest of your ad or not. * What I learned about writing headlines after a short (and private - not recorded) conversation with one of the greatest A-list copywriters who ever lived. * The “feral” headline secret that can help make plain vanilla offers sound more exciting and exotic. * A neat little trick you can use in your headlines that is nearly guaranteed to get more attention & possibly response - even from prospect’s who would otherwise ignore you! (This “thing” can also work wonders in other parts of your ads and emails, too - especially in subject lines, stories, offers, CTA’s, and bullets.) * Three words used in a LOT of sales copy and emails these days (I even have to catch and stop myself from using them at times) that are like “fed bait.” (I had to pay several thousand dollars in fees to an attorney to learn this bit I share inside.) Go ye here to subscribe to the paid Email Players newsletter before the deadline: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA