# In the land of AI video the plain text email is king

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 21 Aug 2025 18:15:12 +0000
**ID:** 198cdd8bc4cd7539
---

Body language expert Jesús Enrique Rosas tweeted this a while back: (Responding to me saying, “in the land of AI video the plain text email is king”) === I was thinking about your post on plain text email reaffirming its throne in the inevitable wave of AI video slop that's upon us. AI video is going to be SO stimulating (it already is!) that reading plain text will be the equivalent of going for a quiet walk in the woods. We just have to make sure that the forests we craft on cream paper spark from our own human-ness. Raw opinions, made up words ('abroadian', anyone?), a little racist/sexist, and most important: not boring. In my video journey I've noticed that raw reaction videos, with all my stumbles with English as a second language, pauses to think of the right word, jokes made on the fly, spontaneous opinions that make my attorneys break in cold sweat, all recorded in one take, no editing: those tend to do much better than my more polished ones. The future is viscerally human. === A few more thoughts about this: There is a documentary on Amazon about the late Rich Piana, who looked like a breathing He-Man action figure and died young from steroid abuse. He was saying how his perfectly edited and cut and shot videos never got the engagement and views as his off-the-cuff, non-professionally lit & blocked videos shot on his cell phone of him eating at IHOP talking about some frivolous topic that had nothing to do with fitness. Related to that: I saw some marketing goo-roos not too long ago running around social media teaching everyone to purposely misspell words in their content, and butcher a little grammar here and there, to make it look more... "human." Another, eerie & hair-raising example: The infamous serial killer Ted Bundy - who admitted to having zero humanity - used to sometimes wear a cast to help lure his victims to his vehicle. That cast made him look more human - i.e., more vulnerable and "un-okay" (as many-a-sales man talks about) to approach and show compassion towards. There's a lot more I could say about this topic. Especially how it relates to email marketing, specifically. And in the future I will do just that. For now? If you haven't joined us in the free Settleheads Facebook group go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/settleheads Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA