# Fake cocaine does the copy good

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 18 May 2025 13:15:25 +0000
**ID:** 196e38a986cf09a7
---

A strange (but true) advertising story: Many years ago, the late, great copywriter Gary Halbert was hired by Entrepreneur Magazine as a consultant. And he wrote an ad for one of their products and said he packed it full of bullets. But, there was one bullet he said created such a flurry of buyers that calls came in for almost a year afterwards to buy the product. What was the bullet? * FAKE COCAINE: a legal substitute that fools almost everyone! The point: There have been expensive (very expensive) products sold to people who didn't even know those products existed 5-minutes earlier because of ONE bullet/fascination buried in an ad that created an itch that just had to be scratched, and would practically drive people nearly insane with madness until they bought so they could scratch it. And at the risk of being an obnoxious braggart: I've gotten testimonials about my bullets from guys who are true masters at writing bullets/fascinations (who I learned from) — like the man universally considered to be the World’s Greatest Living Copywriter (Gary Bencivenga)… to the "founding father" of internet marketing and one of the only reasons we are selling online at all (Ken McCarthy)… to countless others who've confessed my bullets alone “got them” to buy from my ads. More: My Copy Slacker book shows you 12 approaches I personally take in my ads, emails, and other marketing to write bullet points that can potentially help your business "seep" right into your reader's psychology and maybe even make it hard for them to sleep until they buy from you. It also shows other bullet tricks like: * Where to put your two best bullet points for maximum sales. * The "loop effect" bullet point secret that one prominent copywriter once told me put him in a "trance”. * How to write bullets that can keep people mentally "off balance" and almost unable to stop reading (even if they want to). * A secret way of using an ordinary phone to write bullets dripping with sell. * And more… Copy Slacker is only on sale a little bit longer using the code below. (Until tonight Sunday, 5/18 at midnight EDT) So if this interests you, go here immediately: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/slacker Use code: ROPER at the checkout. Make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle P.S. If you think your pal & email Benefactor is just whistlin’ dixie about this book, check out these words from customer Björn Baumann: === This is the first copywriting resource (book, course, video-course whatsoever) I have bought that gives me all I need (the necessary confidence included) to produce a sales page without getting hung up. And even though I am traveling a lot (please DONT call me a digital f***tard äääähhhh digital nomad...) this one, no matter how heavy and thick will be my companion. Thanks, the value is tremendous Cheers from the south of Germany === To get your hot little hands on this tome, go here before tonight's deadline: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/slacker Use code: ROPER at the checkout. Make sure you see the price change before entering your info. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA