# Sociological vs psychological biz building

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 26 May 2025 14:45:05 +0000
**ID:** 1970d0e2d6d57bfc
---

“How do I get more people like you, the people in this room as customers?” So asked a client we had during one of our Oceans 4 masterminds I used to co-host with Ryan Levesque, Jack Born, and Andre Chaperon. This was asked because the marketer’s business, very successful, had a lot of newbies, dope heads (i.e., people hopelessly addicted to the dopamine drip of buying new offers, but not interested in actually doing anything with them), haunting support with stupid demands, etc. What he wanted was more doers & movers, not dope heads & do-nothings. It was a good question, too. And the short answer few want to hear, and even fewer understand is: Be a Sociological marketer vs being a typical psychological marketer. I first to coined the phrase “Sociological Marketing” several years ago inside my elBenbo Press book to give a name to something I’d been observing for years done by people like Fred Rogers, Johnny Carson, Pastor Arnold Murray, Frank Miller, Dr. Seuss, Walt Disney, George Lucas, Steve Jobs, Stan Lee and a handful of others do to last the test of time - and with big long term wins, even if it meant less short term gains. For the Sociological marketer metrics and "what’s working now" is not all that important. What is important for them is what works - then putting it into a format, and sticking with it for 30+ years. Literally the exact opposite of what just about every direct marketing goo-roo does/teaches. And it is totally understandable, too. Sociological marketing, for instance, is much harder to pull off than psychological marketing (which is what 99.9999% of marketing books, courses, training teaches - nothing “wrong” with it, incidentally, it is fine and it works). And that is why if Sociological marketing was easy, everyone would be doing it. But because it’s hard, few do it. Here are some highlights of what this means: + With psychological marketing you are enslaved to metrics (none of which you can control). + With Sociological Marketing you are enslaved to the process (focusing on the input, not the output, which you have 100% control over). + With psychological marketing you chase the market. + With Sociological Marketing you lead the market. + With psychological marketing you let A/B testing determine your decisions & direction. + With Sociological marketing you let the World you build determine your decisions & direction. + With psychological marketing you obsess over the copy and marketing. + With Sociological Marketing you obsess over the experience and the service. + With psychological marketing you chase the market by focusing on “what’s working now!” + With Sociological marketing you let the market chase you by focusing on what works. This is why, for example, our Low Stress Trading company (totally built up on Sociological Marketing - even more than my own book & newsletter business) has grown something like 6x in the last year and a half, while practically every other business I am aware of, hear from, see is barely keeping up and/or bleeding out sales and customers and clients left and right. Not because we are the best “marketers.” Or because we have the best “copy.” But because we built a Sociological business framework vs a psychological business. Part of this means we are NOT in a hurry to get overrun with lots of “response” just for the sake of it. This drives psychological marketers into the streets weeping & gnashing their teeth. When everything is about response, it stops being about the customer and experience and, frankly, there’s no fun in it, as far as I am concerned. Psychological marketing is a recipe for creating a monster you cannot control. A monster you grow dependent on, and start to despise the very customers you sell to. Anyway, if you want to see the copywriting side of what we do over there at Low Stress Trading... and specifically for how we recently tested some direct mail to drive opt-ins to our website while operating within a Sociological business framework, see the June Email Players issue. I break the winning piece down sentence-by-sentence. And if this idea of Sociological Marketing intrigues you, especially from a copywriting viewpoint, then I suspect this issue will be the plumb you’re after picking, to say the least. I don’t talk specifically about Sociological Marketing anywhere in the June issue. But that is the marketing framework we work within. And it’s why some of my copywriting decisions might seem a bit odd. Especially if you are a slave to psychological marketing as most direct marketers are. Whatever the case, you can read more about the Email Players newsletter at the link down yonder. If you want in, I would not recommend procrastinating, though. Once I send it to the printer, that’ll be it - too late, and that will be that. You can read more about the specifics of the June issue in the PS below. Otherwise, here’s where to subscribe: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Below is a bit of what what awaits you inside the June issue: Here goes: * A clever way to use a prospect’s own mailbox to help drive up response and sales if you use direct mail. * Probably the #1 most profitable copywriting technique I have ever learned that helped even my early “mid” level sales copy pull like crazy - including when competing against far better copywriters. (This technique haunts nearly every ad and email I write - including in THIS email you’re reading as I use it “on you.” Details on page 16 inside.) * A little-known trick (I learned directly from one of the best publicity experts who ever lived) for writing tighter, stronger, and more responsive sales copy. * A word-for-word email I sent a business partner explaining exactly how to grow a strong and ever-growing customer/client base. (Including during times like now where most businesses are hemorrhaging sales & customers left & right with no end insight!) * A real life case study in how writing a “Hail Mary pass” ad (that clients will hate and you’ll probably have trouble even getting tested) can blast your response far higher than playing it safe. * A stupid, amateur, and all-too-common landing page mistake that can kill your direct mail campaign response. (Yes, I, your ever-humble daily narrator made this idiotic blunder in a recent direct mail test to drive opt-ins to a web page... and even though we still did exceptionally well, we could have gotten probably 5-10x MORE response had I not had my head up my arse about this.) * An ingenious writing secret (found in popular old detective novels) that can help make your blatant selling ads feel like content. * A sneaky way to “pre-test” an ad to help know if it’s going to win or bomb before spending any time or money running it. * How deliberately including a “pinch” (just a pinch!) of outright psychopathy can help create, build, and grow a business in the diet niche. (NOTE: discernment and being able to read between the lines is required if you’re going to use this bit of knowledge I learned from an old Gary Halbert diet promotion campaign.) * What the great A-list copywriter Doug D’Anna recently taught me (on a live call) about what is perhaps the #1 body copy secret for turning ice cold leads into red hot sales. * A secret way (copy chiefs will almost certainly despise - so don’t expect anyone to cheer you on if you do it) for copywriters to use LOSING ads and sales letters in their swipe files to write winners that break sales & response records. * A ridiculously responsive headline template invented by the late, brilliant copywriter Gene Schwartz that I have yet to see fail. (It can also work as a template for writing your sales pitch openers, too, if you struggle with those.) * How to “soften” big, crazy claims & benefits (assuming they are true) so they are far more believable and far less likely to set off someone’s “bull shit” detector. * How to write sales copy in a way where the reader is more likely to think “this guy can’t be lying” as he reads it. (Doesn’t guarantee he will buy or respond, but it should at least get you a fair reading and chance to sell him if you do it right.) * How to use the ancient “law of the jungle” in your ads & emails to potentially want to buy what you’re selling even if they originally had no interest in what you’re writing about. * A secret used by history’s greatest military generals (Napoleon and Alexander the Great especially especially advocated this) for winning war campaigns you can also use to win more copywriting, email, and other marketing campaigns. (Gene Schwartz advocated doing this in copywriting as well, and so have many other A-list copywriters I’ve studied. With all of them retiring it’s almost like a lost art now.) * The “butt clench” test to know if you are pushing hard enough with your guarantees. * Advice I got straight from the world’s greatest direct mail strategist that can help you sell to ice cold leads who have no idea who you are with no real reason to listen to a word you say. * The Phil Donahue daytime talk show secret to profiting from boring “I like the color of the product packaging” type testimonials that don’t really say anything useful. (This won’t work for all testimonials, but if you can use it with even ONE of them, you will likely see a dramatic rise in response.) * A reverse psychology copywriting technique that can potentially help get even the most jaded & skeptical leads, prospects, and customers to chase you instead of you chasing them. * An admitted twisted secret I recently used for getting far higher response to a direct mail campaign (I suspect it might also work online, probably, although I admittedly have yet to test it. Anyway, do what you want with this info, I am merely showing you what I did to get 5x the average direct mail response.) * How creating a “double readership path” in your sales copy can potentially destroy your sales and response. (This flies in the face of a lot of copywriting books - but like all rules it can and, sometimes should, be broken. See page 20.) * A secret taught by the late, great Jim Rutz (one of the top 3 copywriters, easy, of his day) about how to write to leads in the finance space that can help get both higher response and better customers. * Why so many old school direct mail guys are online and don’t really do much cold direct mail themselves anymore. * A nuanced look at what I believe is the perfect copywriting “tone” for selling to super jaded and skeptical markets where people are (literally, this is what goes through their head) looking at every sentence you write and thinking, “this is bull shit” and looking for reasons to delete, click away, or (if direct mail) toss you out. * Speaking of guarantees: How to cover your arse from getting overrun with fraudulent refunders who love to buy and frivolously refund. * A real life example of how to use “social engineering” on the sneak in your calls to action for higher response and better quality customers. Here’s where to hop on the Email Players train in before the June issue leaves the station: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA