# Copywriting race wars

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 17 May 2025 00:44:54 +0000
**ID:** 196dbb3a79f14c5c
---

A while back, I got to ranting & raving to Stefania about Tolkien’s Middle-Earth races (hobbits, dwarves, elves, orcs, etc) and their respective copywriting styles, after re-watching the Hobbit and the LOTR's movies. My opinion: 1. Guys like Dan Kennedy & Gene Schwartz have a “dwarf” copywriting style: Not much subtlety as far as you know you’re being sold. And completely, un-apologetically in-your-face headlines with the whole offer right in the headline sometimes... copy bulling its way through price resistance and skepticism with brute force, with almost Berserker-like intensity. True "get in there, wrestle 'em to the ground, and take their money" kinda of selling. 2. Guys like the late copywriters Jim Rutz & Gary Halbert had an “elf” copywriting style: Almost the exact opposite as dwarves. Very little brute force. Lots of nimbleness - ebbing & flowing rather than pushing & imposing. Not so much using brute force as re-directing force of skepticism & price resistance, using that force to such an extent that I’ve heard both of them (in interviews) say they’ve run ads where they forgot to even include a call to action. The reader was just so caught up in the story, sucked in, not even realizing they are being sold, some would hunt the client down to buy anyway. 3. Then there are “hybrids” of elves & dwarves (dwelves?) who do both brilliantly. i.e., guys like John Carlton and Email Players subscriber Gary Bencivenga. 4. There are also Hobbit-style ads. I think of these as ads that look “otherworldly” and that may be complete nonsense and short in length— but come off as innocent, fun, and even if you know they are a bit exaggerated (or outright fantasy) you don’t care. Think the Sea-Monkeys ads of yore in old comicbooks. Or the Charles Atlas “How An Insult Made a Man Out of Mac” ad. Or the Dos Equis Man commercials of yore. 5. Then there are orc-style ads. Those are the ads that may or may not (usually not) pull like crazy but are hot, steaming piles of bull shyt, filled with lots of hype, lies, & deceit, preying on the public’s sense of trust or low information. Basically any ad shilling AI until the Mad Dash phase is over. Copywriting Twitter loves this kind of ad, I've noticed. And the whole coordinated jab push by big government, big pharma, & big media clown shows (cash & prizes, free food, dancing TikTok nurses at supposedly overrun ICUs or, my favorite, “I’m on my death bed, if only I’d gotten the jab!” big pharma exec fan fiction blatant propaganda disguised as editorial) being probably the most successful and profitable (the pharma elites made a lot of money off that one) example of orc copywriting. Frankly, the corrupt TV garden gnome doctor Fauci even kinda looks like an orc… Not to mention the legions of ads selling fake cures for diseases. Or prosperity preacher advertising. Or surgeons pushing elective surgeries that cause pain & agony. Or even garden variety classified ads from the old timey days selling x-ray glasses, books on how to grow taller, mortgage scams, fly-by-night investment schemes, and the list goes on and on and on. Anyway, as far as legit copywriters: Some are dwarves. Others are elves. And some are a bit of both, with hardly any hobbits anymore. Which brings me to my best-selling Copy Slacker book: It is created in such a way as to help with your copywriting by handing you a framework that I believe can work for the elf or dwarf or hobbit style, depending on your peculiarities, market, preferences, approach, and passion for the craft. You can read more about it at the link below. And it’s on sale until Sunday 5/18 at midnight EDT if you use the code below. Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/slacker Use code: ROPER at the checkout. Make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA