# the insanely stupid Starbucks biz model that works anyway

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 30 Sep 2025 18:44:44 +0000
**ID:** 1999bf1f4be7d581
---

Many years ago I heard an esoteric Dan Kennedy talk that radically changed how I approached business. In fact, that recording helped propel my business to its first 7-figure year. And it was something he taught about how Starbucks that did it. He said (totally paraphrased) to imagine the meeting with would-be investors: “We’re gonna sell super overpriced coffee they could get at a fraction of the price at McDonalds. We’re gonna make the menus so hard to read people can’t pronounce half of the items and so have trouble ordering. We’re gonna hire communist teenagers who can barely read and count to work the counter. And we’re gonna saturate the market so much you will see one of our coffee shops across the street from each other! Write the check, investors, this is gonna be big!” His point: Starbuck is not really in the ‘coffee’ business. They are in a totally different kind of business altogether. His other example was Subway. They feed you giant loaves of bread... with high calories sauce & oils added... with processed salt-drenched chips and sugary cookies, plus a giant Coke. Yet, at the time (this was before the drama with Jared) they had people thinking they were running Jenny Craig over there. Literally people thought it was a weight loss joint. In other words: Subway was not in the "sandwich" business, but the weight loss business. And as a result, they seized fat, super-sized marketshare. Another example: Donald Trump. Most people, even to this day, think he is in the “real estate” business. He basically has everyone thinking that, believing that, arguing about that, and bought into the idea of that. When people think Trump - especially pre Presidency - they thought “oh, real estate tycoon!” No. He’s actually not in the real estate business, according to Dan Kennedy who personally knows him, has spoken at the same events as him, and has had extensive conversations with him in various green rooms. The business he was really in, still is more than ever I would argue... is the LICENSING business. Far more lucrative than the “real estate business” and with basically no risk. George Lucas was in the same boat. He was not in the “movie” business... he has always been in the licensing business. That’s how he made a bunch of the money to finance his other movies when making his first Star Wars films. And the studio heads at Fox who wanted to keep working with him after the first Star Wars was a smash hit, said they were no longer in the Hollywood business... but the "George Lucas business." Far more lucrative than the crappy box office films they made. This is a very fascinating thought process I highly suggest going through. In my own business - when I first heard Dan talk about this in 2017 - I immediately reversed course on a lot of what I was doing. Like, for example, I realized I was not in the “book & newsletter” business or even the “info marketing” business. No, I decided I was ultimately in the PUBLISHING business. A seemingly small shift in thinking created humongous shifts in everything. I then adjusted my offers accordingly. And that small shift in thinking turned into gigantic growth I never would have experienced otherwise. Another example: For the first four years my business partner Troy Broussard and Yours Unruly teamed up in the software business (Learnistic and BerserkerMail) we struggled with this “what business are we really in?” question. I told him what I’d learned about this, and we both knew we had to be more than just be in the “mobile app” business, or the “Email Service Provider” business, or even the “software” business. We even almost plunked down $20k to consult Dan Kennedy directly for his help with this question. But then, something interesting happened about a year ago. We realized what business we are REALLY in. And it has radically changed the course of not only our shared business ventures, but our own independent businesses, too, as now I do not even consider myself to be in the publishing business, the licensing business (which I had intended to focus on when I wrote elBenbo Press especially), or any usual suspect business. We are in a totally different business altogether. And the potential wealth will - barring some Mad Mad style societal collapse - far exceed the businesses we thought we were in. There is a lot more to this. And I cannot give anyone any specific answers on what business you are "really" in. There’s no listicle to explain this to you. And I cannot even directly give answers to Email Players subscribers (who have the perk of being able to email me questions whenever they want, and I will answer them - which is not something I do for free or for anyone outside my close business friends & associates). I don’t really think any so-called business coach can tell you, either. Frankly, if someone is a "coach" at all, they ain't applying this anyway so are unlikely to help you do it. You gotta figure it out on your own. This bothers the “I need a checklist!” TikTok & AI brain'd boys & ghouls. But the fact they need a checklist for everything is their first bottleneck anyway. So no, I can’t give anyone any answers. But I can give you beacons and guideposts to look for, like this email, with what I discuss about this inside the October Email Players issue. If all one did was read THIS part of the October issue, think on it, ignore their stupid Facebook friends’ opinions for a change, and think for themselves instead... and bend all their thought to figuring out what business you are REALLY in, then I daresay it could potentially pay for not just 10 but probably 100 years of Email Players subscriptions. No joke, and no exaggeration. You can see what business we are really in inside. It may or may not apply to you (probably won't), but it is a model to study. But a caveat: If you are one of these boys or ghouls who just collects info and never consumes it... just gets a dopamine drip and then nods and says, “that was great, what else do ya got?”... you are wholly unqualified for Email Players at all, and have no place amongst us. Take that amateur hour thinking to Facebook or Reddit or whatever. Otherwise for the grownups? If you want in, you only have a little time left. When I send the list to the printer today, that’ll be it, and I turn it off in the cart. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here are a few of the specifics inside the October Email Players issue: * How using porn-o disgraced two of the most brilliant direct marketers who ever walked the face of the Earth. (You can still learn a lot from these two - even if it’s a what-NOT-to-do situation.) * A sneaky storytelling secret used by a soap opera that’s been running non-stop for 62 YEARS... that can make it hard for customers to resist engaging with & buying your offers. * A real life example for how to “stack” 2, 3, 4, even 5 or more subscription/continuity offers without suffering from withering churn or burning customers out. * The “Jenny Factor” secret used by Walt Disney that can dramatically cut down on churn and dramatic sales dips - even during bad economies. * How to (100% legally & ethically) use a method perfected by an abusive, cult-like 1970’s self-help group to get so many more affiliates sales it will probably legitimately freak you out! (It freaked us out a bit, at least, when we started implementing it...) * What to if you’re kind of an off-putting jerk & arsehole but want to build good will and strong customer relationships. * A powerful sales conversion secret David Ogilvy discovered in the 1940’s (when working in the movie business) that can work even better for online businesses today. * An ingenious lead gen trick used by the world’s largest TV ministry (beamed into some 20-30 million households per day for the last 40 years) to rake in more revenue than they know what to do with... and without without begging (if anything they literally mock beggars), fundraisers, passing plates, or emotionally blackmailing people. * The startling discovery behind the most profitable marketing “funnel” that has probably ever been invented. * Why our Chief software developer Pedro (a true savant whose used his coding skills to build a platform for brain cancer research at a major university, if that tells you something...) refuses to code with so-called AI. (If anything, our business that has done over 400% growth in the last year, is hiring MORE developers even as everyone else is foolishly firing their teams to “save money.”) * A shrewd secret for growing a better and more responsive email list used by Old Testament farmers to grow better and more abundant crops. * The controversial “F-bomb” secret behind the enormous success of some of the most successful brands in history. (Including from beloved children TV hosts/authors like Mister Rogers and Dr. Seuss... to the most reviled church on the planet, polarizing filmmakers, late night talk show hosts and more. If they are/were big, chances are they did this F-bomb trick hardly any online businesses do.) * Advice to frustrated freelance copywriters who see clients doing dumb shyt all the time that only makes your job harder and response lower. * Ten people to study and model for World-Building to create a business people love to enter and hate to leave. (In my experience you will learn far more about growing a business observing these 10 people - many who aren’t/weren’t even “businesses” - than you will from some goo-roo prancing around a seminar stage or mastermind room.) * Insider secrets for potentially making more sales & more profits by NOT using 1-click upsells. * Why obsessing over direct marketing jargon like LTV, CPL, CPA, CPC, CTR, CAC... is a recipe for frustration, churn, & failure. (And what my businesses do that can create far more joy, peace of mind, and, yes, consistent cash flow.) * The “tyranny of metrics” phenomenon that can cause otherwise brilliant brands to make colossally stupid decisions, piss off all their customers, and even outright collapse almost overnight! * Why “selling the click” in emails (like spammers all do) is amateur hour at best... and what works far better to make sales, grow relationships, and create life time customers. * Why you should be ultra-skeptical of any SaaS offer that is NOT a subscription model. (Screw it. I might as well just give this one away here: People bitch & moan about subscriptions... but all them new development features, updates, and bug fixes ain’t gonna pay for themselves. Avoid cheapskates if you sell software, and everyone will be happier - including people who DON’T buy because it’s an “oh noes!” subscription.) * How to potentially create a customer base so rabid and “in heat” to support your business that cheerfully and aggressively refers almost everyone they know to you. * Why the vast majority of “name” goo-roos you see are not that great of marketers... just great at building audiences. (No need to take my word for it, simply observe them - especially the ones shilling so-called AI suddenly. It’s not like they hide this fact. More on this inside.) * How to make a bundle of new sales by deliberately NOT spending a lot of time on launch strategy, sales copy, emails, or campaigns. * A totally “counterintuitive” way one of my businesses uses to recruit the best affiliates in our network (Including one who recently put in over 500+ new members into our $1,000 up front, $100/month offer recently, with a couple more seriously interested who could very well dwarf that. You do the math...) * How to help figure out what business you are “really” in to create long term wealth far beyond what you ever could dream of now. Something to know before reading further: This inner game approach I teach inside has been used by everyone from Trump and Walt Disney to companies like Subway and Starbucks. We’ve been using it, for example, in our software business to be on track to make more cash flow/sales over the next 5 years than from the offers we sell in the company. If you do nothing but read, understand, and apply this, it can pay for literally 100 YEARS of your Email Players subscription. No joke, and no exaggeration. This is the #1 most profitable thing I have ever learned (from Dan Kennedy). And I am passing it on to those who read the October Email Players issue. Here’s the linky: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA