# Why writing daily emails makes you a literal Nazi

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 23 Dec 2025 01:14:45 +0000
**ID:** 19b48c7323e51f89
---

Email Players subscriber Ryan Healy once tweeted a bit from the book: “Hitler: The Memoir of a Nazi Insider Who Turned Against the Führer” Specifically, Ryan tweeted about what he read on page 53 where ol’ Adolf recognized the importance of publishing not monthly or biweekly or weekly or even semi weekly - but daily. Here are the money quotes: "But how can I hammer my ideas into the German people without a Press. The newspapers ignore me utterly." "How can I follow up my successes as a speaker with our miserable four-page Völkische Beobachter once a week? "We'll get nowhere until it appears as a daily." Immoral of the story? Daily emails makes you a literal Nazi, obviously. Also: For some reason it still astonishes me how many hoops marketers - even the ones who know better - will go thru to avoid this simple task (daily email) designed to put more money in their hot little pockets-es-es. Most will do anything BUT write daily emails. Even when they know and have seen the results for themselves of daily emails written in a way people want to read, with offers they want to buy from (an important caveat) can blast up sales, retention, engagement, referrals, and a whole laundry list of other benefits. Real life example of this: I spoke/trained at a couple of the great Brian Kurtz’s masterminds a few years back. And at the last one, one of the other guest speakers was the great Jay Abraham. And Jay’s shtick was, he didn’t want to do a talk. He wanted to do his “10 minute hot seats” which he is known for doing. That meant, anyone could go up to the front of the room to talk to Jay for ten minutes, and he’d then solve their most pressing marketing problems. And, one by one, that’s what happened: People marched up to Jay like pilgrims going up the mountain. And one by one… Almost every single one of them kept asking him for tricks and tactics for increasing their sales - even though Jay, who was starting to look visibly annoyed, and Stefania was there with me and can attest - kept having to tell them he’s NOT a ‘tactics’ guy, he’s a strategy guy. These were not small potatoes businesses and goo-roo fanboys either. Some were even seasoned pros in this game. And I also remember thinking how with maybe one or two exceptions, simply: (1) building/growing an email list and (2) emailing it each day would have solved each and every one of their money/cashflow/response problems they were asking to have solved. And all while growing their customer bases, creating far stronger customer relationships, imposing more engagement on the almighty algorithms of the various social medias they used, and the list goes on. But they didn’t want to hear that. Like probably 95% of IM’ers… they wanted secret tricks & sales chokes. It always reminds me of a wine maker who lives about 3 hours away from where I am. The best wine maker in this state in my opinion and many others’ opinions. He’s been at this for many, many years and he is obsessed with winemaking and is a true craftsman at it - including regularly traveling to Europe to learn at the feet of the old masters passing on the knowledge they learned from their winemaking teachers (many are parts of generations of winemakers going back 100s of years). And I’ll never forget being at his tasting room once, and someone asked: “What’s your secret?” Dyson (the guy’s name) said: “The secret is there are no secrets” It’s all fundamentals, basics, craftsmanship, and doing the work - much of it out of one’s control (weather, soil etc). But that doesn’t matter as much as focusing on what one can control over many years. That is how you grow, improve, and ultimately win. Growing an email-driven business requires the exact same approach. I don’t know how I went from Hitler to Jay Abraham to winemaking. But here we are… That’s all I got today. To read more of my random musings see the free Settleheads Facebook group here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/settleheads Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA