# Sociological marketing vs psychological marketing

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 25 Sep 2025 14:45:36 +0000
**ID:** 199815647e1bc4f7
---

Since I hear-tell the grifters caught on to World-Building lately, here’s more for them to grift on: What makes World-Building tick that I call “Sociological” marketing which is the opposite of what most direct marketers do that I call psychological marketing. Here are some differences between the two ways of doing business: + With psychological marketing you are enslaved to metrics (none of which you can control). + With Sociological Marketing you are enslaved to the process (which you do have control over). + With psychological marketing you chase the market and are at its mercy. + With Sociological Marketing you lead the market and it chases you. + With psychological marketing you let A/B testing determine your decisions & direction. + With Sociological marketing you let the World you build determine your decisions & direction. + With psychological marketing you obsess over the copy and marketing. + With Sociological Marketing you obsess over the experience and the service. + With psychological marketing you chase the market by focusing on “what’s working now!” + With Sociological marketing you let the market chase you by focusing on what works. This is why, for example, our Low Stress Trading company (mostly built up on Sociological Marketing - even more than my own book & newsletter business) has grown something like 400%+ in the last year, while practically every other business I hear from asking for advice is barely keeping up and/or bleeding out sales, customers, and clients left & right. Not because we are the best “marketers.” Or because we have the best “copy.” But because we work within a Sociological business framework vs a psychological business. This term “Sociological Marketing” is something I invented several years ago when writing my elBenbo Press book to describe how I’d been running my own book & newsletter operation for years. But I never really saw anyone doing outside of gigantic, long-lasting brands direct marketers pay lip service to but that actually have little or nothing to do with direct marketing. Certainly no IM goo-roos were doing it this way. If anything, I’d get eye rolls when I talked about how I do things at masterminds. Fffft! Just sailed right over peoples’ psychological marketing heads. Psychological marketing is basically what you see every IM goo-roo, book, eBook, course, video, podcast, seminar, mastermind yapping on about. And while it is the "safe" way to go, and while there is certainly nothing wrong with doing it... it can and often does create a Tyrannical metrics-based monster you cannot control. I’ve seen it over and over and over. Anyway, if you want a play-by-play breakdown of all kinds of ways we’ve used Sociological Marketing to grow our Low Stress Trading company by over 400% in the last year alone... and in a way you can use to help model it for your own ventures, see the October Email Players issue. In this email I’ve given you “peeks.” In the October issue I pull back multiple curtains of info and revealing insights on it. And the irony is, none of it is “secret.” Frankly, our Sociological marketing approach is hidden in plain sight. Literally anyone could just observe what we do, if you really wanted to. What the October issue does is arrange the moving parts in a way I believe nearly anyone subscribed to my paid Email Players newsletter can use, apply, and start building around in whatever ways suit you. As that is another part of what I teach: Doing business YOUR way. Not some goo-roo’s way. Not some so-called business coach’s way. Not even my way, or your favorite influencer’s way - although if you’re emulating any so-called influencers you’re likely way behind the 8-ball anyway, whether you realize it or not. Many of them certainly are starting to realize it going by how they behave. Whatever the case, you can read more about what’s inside in the PS below. To read more about the monthly paid newsletter itself and subscribe go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Below is a bit of what what awaits you inside the October issue: * How using porn-o disgraced two of the most brilliant direct marketers who ever walked the face of the Earth. (You can still learn a lot from these two - even if it’s a what-NOT-to-do situation.) * A sneaky storytelling secret used by a soap opera that’s been running non-stop for 62 YEARS... that can make it hard for customers to resist engaging with & buying your offers. * A real life example for how to “stack” 2, 3, 4, even 5 or more subscription/continuity offers without suffering from withering churn or burning customers out. * The “Jenny Factor” secret used by Walt Disney that can dramatically cut down on churn and dramatic sales dips - even during bad economies. * How to (100% legally & ethically) use a method perfected by an abusive, cult-like 1970’s self-help group to get so many more affiliates sales it will probably legitimately freak you out! (It freaked us out a bit, at least, when we started implementing it...) * What to if you’re kind of an off-putting jerk & arsehole but want to build good will and strong customer relationships. * A powerful sales conversion secret David Ogilvy discovered in the 1940’s (when working in the movie business) that can work even better for online businesses today. * An ingenious lead gen trick used by the world’s largest TV ministry (beamed into some 20-30 million households per day for the last 40 years) to rake in more revenue than they know what to do with... and without without begging (if anything they literally mock beggars), fundraisers, passing plates, or emotionally blackmailing people. * The startling discovery behind the most profitable marketing “funnel” that has probably ever been invented. * Why our Chief software developer Pedro (a true savant whose used his coding skills to build a platform for brain cancer research at a major university, if that tells you something...) refuses to code with so-called AI. (If anything, our business that has done over 400% growth in the last year, is hiring MORE developers even as everyone else is foolishly firing their teams to “save money.”) * A shrewd secret for growing a better and more responsive email list used by Old Testament farmers to grow better and more abundant crops. * The controversial “F-bomb” secret behind the enormous success of some of the most successful brands in history. (Including from beloved children TV hosts/authors like Mister Rogers and Dr. Seuss... to the most reviled church on the planet, polarizing filmmakers, late night talk show hosts and more. If they are/were big, chances are they did this F-bomb trick hardly any online businesses do.) * Advice to frustrated freelance copywriters who see clients doing dumb shyt all the time that only makes your job harder and response lower. * Ten people to study and model for World-Building to create a business people love to enter and hate to leave. (In my experience you will learn far more about growing a business observing these 10 people - many who aren’t/weren’t even “businesses” - than you will from some goo-roo prancing around a seminar stage or mastermind room.) * Insider secrets for potentially making more sales & more profits by NOT using 1-click upsells. * Why obsessing over direct marketing jargon like LTV, CPL, CPA, CPC, CTR, CAC... is a recipe for frustration, churn, & failure. (And what my businesses do that can create far more joy, peace of mind, and, yes, consistent cash flow.) * The “tyranny of metrics” phenomenon that can cause otherwise brilliant brands to make colossally stupid decisions, piss off all their customers, and even outright collapse almost overnight! * Why “selling the click” in emails (like spammers all do) is amateur hour at best... and what works far better to make sales, grow relationships, and create life time customers. * Why you should be ultra-skeptical of any SaaS offer that is NOT a subscription model. (Screw it. I might as well just give this one away here: People bitch & moan about subscriptions... but all them new development features, updates, and bug fixes ain’t gonna pay for themselves. Avoid cheapskates if you sell software, and everyone will be happier - including people who DON’T buy because it’s an “oh noes!” subscription.) * How to potentially create a customer base so rabid and “in heat” to support your business that cheerfully and aggressively refers almost everyone they know to you. * Why the vast majority of “name” goo-roos you see are not that great of marketers... just great at building audiences. (No need to take my word for it, simply observe them - especially the ones shilling so-called AI suddenly. It’s not like they hide this fact. More on this inside.) * How to make a bundle of new sales by deliberately NOT spending a lot of time on launch strategy, sales copy, emails, or campaigns. * A totally “counterintuitive” way one of my businesses uses to recruit the best affiliates in our network (Including one who recently put in over 500+ new members into our $1,000 up front, $100/month offer recently, with a couple more seriously interested who could very well dwarf that. You do the math...) * How to help figure out what business you are “really” in to create long term wealth far beyond what you ever could dream of now. Something to know before reading further: This inner game approach I teach inside has been used by everyone from Trump and Walt Disney to companies like Subway and Starbucks. We’ve been using it, for example, in our software business to be on track to make more cash flow/sales over the next 5 years than from the offers we sell in the company. If you do nothing but read, understand, and apply this, it can pay for literally 100 YEARS of your Email Players subscription. No joke, and no exaggeration. This is the #1 most profitable thing I have ever learned (from Dan Kennedy). And I am passing it on to those who read the October Email Players issue. To subscribe go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA