# The abusive cult recruiting trick we recently used

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 30 Apr 2025 21:15:18 +0000
**ID:** 196888def9c1459f
---

Let’s talk about “EST.” AKA Erhard Seminars Training. A controversial organization, to say the least. On the one hand you had celebrities swear by it (like, for example, the late Lance Reddick who was in the John Wicke movies, LOST, Fringe, etc). On the other hand, you had people who reported horrific abuse going on. What kind of abuse? Here are just a few examples: * A 30-year-old woman with no prior psychiatric history developed acute psychosis after EST training “with paranoia, and delusions, believing she had supernatural insights.” It was so bad they had to put her in the hospital due to the intense psychological pressure and confrontational methods EST imposed upon her. * A guy collapsed during one of the EST sessions, they sent him to the hospital, and he died. * People would pee (and probably crap for all I know) themselves due to the humiliating two bathroom break rules during the 16-hour EST sessions. * The trainers would harass, threaten, even abuse people into compliance if they questioned what was going on. * People would be bullied and shamed into spending thousands of dollars and mandated to recruit friends and family or be exiled/ritually humiliated in front of the group. Those are just a few of the examples. Anyway, here’s the kicker: Even with all the “bad press”, even with all the public scrutiny, even with people literally dying in some cases… (although the courts never directly implicated EST in those cases)… they still were able to recruit 500,000 members over time and without hardly ANY marketing expenses or budget whatsoever. Dan Kennedy talks a lot about EST and its methods. He also talks about how what works to sell the incredible (bull shyt offers in tabloids) often works even better to sell the credible (legit offers), and I believe it’s the same in cases like this: what works to sell the unethical and abusive works even better to sell the ethical and helpful. And so it is in the May Email Players issue. Not the issue itself. But in how we infused a bit of “EST” into our recent direct mail campaign I talk about inside the issue, and the approach I used to write the two test pieces — one of which did 5x the industry average for response, and even the losing piece did 3x the industry average for response. I talk about this on pages 5 & 6 inside. And I suspect the info will be quite useful & profitable for those who take it to heart. The deadline to get in on this issue is tonight, though. Specifically, when I send to the list to the printer. I know a lot of marketers are weary of spending money right now with the current market pull back. And many of those marketers see the “oh noes! $97 per month!” as expensive. But for them, I’d just say this: (1) It’s literally $3.23 per day (2) I pay for the shipping, which if I didn’t, it’d be a helluva lot more, and way closer to $150/month if I kept up with inflation pricing it over the years (3) The info should pay for itself, assuming you use it, many times over This last one is important. If you live in a world where you see information that can make you sales as a line item expense and can’t pull yourself out of that mindset, it will just make you anxious and stressed out, and you’re probably better off haunting social media for free scraps of goo-roo droppings for your own peace of mind. But those are not the kind of customers I generally attract, thankfully. My people are more like Email Players subscriber Neil Pritchard who recently said: “If it’s any use to you as a testimonial. When I realised I’d lost my card and I was going to have to update all my recurring payments from it. The first one I thought of wasn’t my phone, or my various pieces of business software. It was Email Players. That’s the one I wanted to make sure I didn’t miss out on.” So as far as I’m concerned the newsletter price is a steal. That is, for people who use it, and don’t just open, skim, nod, file away. But for the rare birds who are my kind of people? Here’s where to subscribe in time of May before tonight’s deadline: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here are a handful of lessons taught inside: * A sneaky persuasion trick (straight from one of the single most successful phone salesman who ever lived) that can make prospects far more likely to want to buy from your ads. * The strange but true reason why NOT including 1-click upsells in your funnel can potentially make your business more sales. * Why the headline is NOT always the #1 part of an ad to spend most of your time on. (Headlines are extremely important, but nowhere near as much as they were pre-internet with unlimited pre-selling devices already seen well before the ad. These days, I spend far more time on THIS part explained inside than anything else, and the results have been speaking for themselves, to say the least.) * The “magic genie” secret behind some of the highest pulling sales letters and ads (including some ads written by total amateurs) ever written going back nearly 100 years. * A grizzled old school salesman’s note-taking technique that helped him sell high priced offers to complete strangers who didn’t even know the product existed 5 minutes earlier. (And exactly how to apply it to your next copywriting project.) * Tricks for staying off the bureaucratic radars of big brother in your advertising. * The crazy story behind how I created what is arguably one of the ballsiest offer in the entire financial offer niche…that got us lots of opt-ins who were hyper-engaged practically “leaning in” to hear every word on our zoom presentations. (HINT: we promised $100.00 cash if they felt the SALES PITCH wasted their time — whether they bought anything or not. We were quite nervous running this offer, say the least. It could have potentially ruined us. Especially had I copied the “what’s working now!” ads I was shown.) Here’s the magic link: http://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA