# AI fanboys sound vaxxed

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 19 May 2025 03:05:15 +0000
**ID:** 196e680c408d25c9
---

Last week I got into a discussion about... So-called AI. I preface AI with "so-called" because it's not truly intelligence. By its own admission the technology is more like a super calculator. And we got to talking about it, and at one point I said something about how you really can’t prompt a relationship with your list/customers/clients. Unless, I suppose, you’re diddling sex robots. I probably shouldn’t joke about that though. Especially since I suspect a lot of the same terminally online copywriters lamenting how there is no point in learning writing anymore due to AI while crying on their vape pens will be bragging on about shagging AI girlfriends in the next 10 years, saying there is no real point in being with a real woman anymore. “Think of all the TIME you can save with just having an AI girl!” I have zero doubt this will be a thing if it keeps going the way it is. Speaking of AI generated people: There’s been a lot of fanboy’ing out over so-called AI video. Apparently, everyone will be a movie director if they want - complete with bull horn and wearing an ascot barking orders at their computer. I can't say for sure, but I highly suspect actors (especially Method Actors) laugh at the idea. Still: Even if so-called AI does half of what the wide-eyed AI bois dream about, I would not be shocked if ultimately it ends up mostly being niche (and disturbing & wretched niche at that, appealing to absolute deviants) entertainment, for the most part. In fact, here's another prediction for the fapGPT boys destined to have AI girlfriends: Many of these online marketers and copywriters and wannabe movie producers and cheap skate clients who think it will liberate them from thinking and/or paying for talent will reverse course when it all falls apart, and suddenly start behaving as if they never fell for the hype, or else severely downplay how much they fanboy’d out over it. It's not unlike how people who pushed the fake vax suddenly went silent. And the more data that comes out about it, the quieter these fiends have become. I recently told a customer that’s what I think so-called AI is: The fake vax of copywriting. The AI digital grove worshippers in my replies certainly sound quadruple boosted. It's just - "bro, you better start using it!" "Bro, it's the future!" "Bro, you're NGMI if you don't embrace it!" I'm not even exaggerating, that is exactly how they sound - like parrots. The similarities between how the fake vax and AI are/were pushed is also as amusing as it is ironic. More fun for the AI reply guys no doubt already drafting a response to this: (but will they use AI to write it?) You are going to start seeing marketing goo-roos being "AI'd" soon, if you haven't already. I just saw on Twitter some scientist saying it has gotten to the point where reality and AI are indistinguishable. His proof? A video of a real chick (not an AI chick) with the video in the background showing some kind of altering of reality. Tech that has literally been around for decades - including when I was in the video editing industry in the late 90's/early 2000's. I suspect AI video goo-roos will be just as creepy and off-putting as one might imagine. And it will be that way if for no other reason than it’s fake but pretends to be real. If it didn't pretend to be real, and just embraced being fake and leaned into it, it would be more useful and honest. That is why AI can make for magnificent meme generation and subversive messaging, which even I am excited about playing with. But to pretend an AI’d-up goo-roo is real, when he is obviously fake, is abnormal. And human beings are and always have been hard wired to be repulsed by the abnormal. Then again, there are a lot of people in the online porno generation glomming onto AI. And fake & abnormal is probably all they've really known. So who knows? We will see, one way or the other soon enough. Personally, I think it makes more sense to use AI goo-roos as animated, cartoon-like characters. Or at least obviously not try to pretend it is real to get around the “abnormal” factor. In my Markauteur book I talk a lot about Ray Harryhausen - the guy whose altar all today's special effects guys (Spielberg, Lucas, Cameron, Peter Jackson, etc) bow at. His work was obviously not real. He even would say he did not want it to be real. He wanted to give his creatures more of the feeling of a dream or a nightmare. The director of "Cars" said basically the same thing about it. That is why even today people are more impressed with Ray’s work than they are today's photo realistic, but still fake, effects. If you YouTube Harryhausen’s first Hansel and Gretel short film, it's fascinating to watch. It’s not real, but it displays lots of humanity in subtle face twitches and emotions. Again, we will see soon enough how it pans out. But from what I can tell, marketers seem far more excited by all this than the market. It reminds me of something the great Gary Bencivenga - universally considered the world’s greatest copywriter - said in his magnificent Farewell course. Specifically, about how so many flashy new fishing lures and gadgets are created to catch fishermen, not necessarily fish. Anyway, those are my predictions. I'm eager to see what it all looks like AFTER the mad dash/wild west phase ends. When everything is still novelty it's always engaging and people throw money at the grifters and shills out in full effect. But after the gold rush phase is when the gate-keeping is installed, dumb money investor facades are exposed, and government intrusion swoops in - jacking up pricing, limiting usage, and letting the legislation fly. It's one thing if social media or your web host or job cancels you for wrong think. But if you're 100% dependent on AI and it "cancels" you? That'll be far more interesting to watch. As far as copywriting goes: The fundamentals apply no matter what technology you use. And if you want to learn my approach see my Copy Slacker book. It covers everything from market research to headlines, openers, stories, bullets, close, along with a nearly 500 page swipe file of ads, and also specific successful sales letters analyzed precept-upon-precept for the full psychology behind them. You can’t prompt those kinds of insights. You can only get them by getting cerebral directly with your market using humanity. The sale ends in less than an hour from what I am sending this. That means, depending on when you’re reading this it could already be too late. (Deadline is tonight, Sunday 5/18 at midnight EDT) Use this link to read more, and the code below for a fat discount: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/slacker Use code: ROPER at the checkout. Make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA