# The power of the f'ing "M Word"

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 04 Nov 2025 15:44:47 +0000
**ID:** 19a4f8c6dd20c893
---

Behold the business-destroying power of storytelling: Many years ago, when I briefly subjected myself to living in The Burgle (i.e., Roseburg, OR) I was hanging out at a local wine tasting room there, and got to talking to the guy doing the pours about the movie “Sideways" about a couple middle aged guys who take a week long trip through California's wine country. There’s a scene where they are about to meet some chicks at a restaurant. But, before they go in, one of the guys (Miles) says: “…if anyone orders Merlot, I'm leaving. I am NOT drinking any f___ing Merlot!" The reason for his hatred of Merlot was not that he hated the wine, but because it was the wine he’d been saving for a wedding anniversary that never happened due to getting divorced, with him still pining for the woman. Yet this throwaway line in an indie movie with a $12 million budget... Killed Merlot wine sales! And I mean, just murdered them. It gave Merlot a terrible stigma. Made the millions of wannabe wine connoisseur normies who couldn’t grasp even the most obvious of context (Miles hated on Cab Franc, too, in the movie because the wine he’d been saving was a blend of that and Merlot) think it sucks, not worthy of their righteous palates, and to be shunned and drank only by the prole class. And, thus, sales dropped everywhere. Example: The guy at the winery I was hanging at said even in Oregon, Merlot sales plummeted. So, what they did to counter that was, they changed the name from Merlot on the label to something else, and sales went back up. Walt Disney used the same tactic when getting investors for Disneyland. He had run out of money. And, he noticed, a lot of weeds growing all over the park. Not a good look for would-be investors. So what he did was, he wrote a bunch of Latin names on some cards, and stuck the cards around the weeds, so that at a glance would-be investors strolling through thought they were exotic plants and not ugly weeds. Needless to say, it worked. This idea of using names to change the perception of “plain vanilla” sounding products, offers, methodologies, or whatever else you are doing is discussed a bit in my “Death Touch Marketing” training inside the elBenbo’s Bargain Bin of Bonuses 4 sale going on today. This offer consists of a big pile of bonuses I’ve offered during various launches, sales, or affiliate campaigns that, collectively, would have meant putting out some $2,000+ to buy and/or be subscribed all the products/subscription offers associated with said bonuses. But, you can access all these bonuses for a mere... $20. That is, until Friday (11/7) at midnight EST. Anyway, here are the details if’n this interests you: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/bb4 NOTE: You'll need a smart phone or iPad to access the content. No exceptions. And it’ll have to be newer than when Steve Jobs still walked the earth. Ben Settle P.S. If you already have my mobile app be sure to order with the SAME email address you use to access the app now. If you don’t have my free mobile app, follow the simple instructions for downloading & accessing it you will get by email after ordering. If you have any questions from there let me know. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA