# Horror icon reveals how to use your most secret, shameful feelings to make sales

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 30 Jun 2025 23:45:01 +0000
**ID:** 197c33c84c9c18a9
---

Let me tell you a story about a consultation I gave recently. It was to an Email Players subscriber who is young and sells in a professional niche where his clients & customers are 20-30 years older than he is, from what I can tell. Literally a Zoomer selling to Boomers - which alone can create drama. “Who is this little shit trying to tell me how to do my business?” Anyway, he’s very good at what he does. And he has a growing horde of customers & clients. Which is good, it’s exciting to see that sort of thing these days. But, what is maybe not so good, and something he was telling me about was... a gut, visceral feeling of superiority over his clients about what he teaches them (how to market themselves, sell more, etc). No, this feeling of superiority is not “nice” and is maybe even a bit shameful. Maybe it’s not very polite, either, if it seeps out somehow. Certainly it’s not politically correct. But he was telling me about it’s there. To which I basically told him to not fight it... but RUN with it. To NOT “cage” it up, not suppress it, and not try to ignore it. Instead, I suggested he release that Kraken from its sea-bound dungeon and let it roam the wild, and to use it to his advantage to put out better content, provide better service, give his customers & clients a better experience. This feeling of superiority he has is nothing new. Dan Kennedy admitted to it one of his own books (I forget which - maybe his “NO RULES” book) and he says its preferable to keep it private, of course. But if it’s there, it’s there. And what can you do? Well, I shalt tell you what to do: Use it like how the great actor Robert Englund used a similar situation to play one of the most iconic villains (Freddy Krueger, for those who live under a rock) ever created through more movies than most of us can even keep track of. Here is what he said in, “Hollywood Dreams & Nightmares: The Robert Englund Story” To what he did, but “in reverse” so to speak: === ...Johnny Depp waltzed in about a week into the shooting and Heather looking all beautiful and young and dewy. And there was the makeup girl with little pink fans she bought them we have to keep our stars cool. What am I chopped liver? And I’m sitting over there, I’ve been working since five in the morning I’m itchy, I’ve got glue all over me. The makeup man David Miller is stabbing me with his crusty makeup brush and I got pissed at the kids. They don’t need makeup they’re beautiful, they’ve got their whole careers ahead of them. “God - hand me those little…” And I went, “that envy that jealousy I have for those beautiful young actors…” I said I can use that. . . So for the rest of the movies I was able just to remember that moment, the little synapse of mine. I can get there it’s like I got there now and that’s all I need to believe in Freddy just to get back to that little moment. And that becomes my shorthand getting to an essence of Freddy that I need to get to without just going Booga Booga Booga you know. === That word “synapse” is key. It’s there, to use or not use, as you see fit. So if you have these secret, shameful feelings of superiority? Don’t abuse ‘em... but DO use ‘em. Same goes for any other emotion you have that is not necessarily savory. There is so much you can learn about making more sales, writing more profitable emails & sales copy, getting into the heads of those you wish to sell to so you can sell to them better and give them better buying experiences (so they want to buy again...) from master Performers, Entertainers, and, yes, Infotainers. Thus the July Email Players issue which is all about Infotainment. Including ways I’ve been using for the last few years I have not taught before. And... cut! Let’s get down to the bid’niz: The deadline to subscribe in time to get the July issue is tonight. Specifically, when I send the list to the printer. You can read more about what it teaches in the P.S. below. But I wouldn’t dawdle if you want in. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s what awaits you inside the July Email Players issue should you subscribe in time: * A crazy-ass Method Acting trick that helped my sales copy build a six figure per month business in the golf niche. (I’d never even played golf at the time, yet this trick beat the hell out of the control written by a far more seasoned golf niche copywriter right out the gate.) * The “multiple personality” phenomenon for writing world class email and sales copy. (If you haven’t “heard” the voices of the markets you’ve written to haunting your psyche 24/7 years after writing the copy, it means you’re still sane, but probably not making the sales you could. Use at your own risk.) * The semi-insulting reason reason Email Players subscribers without the ability to think abstractly struggle with using the content. (Something to consider before subscribing - don’t say you weren’t warned.) * How to make your emails, social media, sales copy more fun for people to consume than their favorite Netflix, Hulu, Apple, Amazon, and other streaming shows/movies. * An ingenious method (used by Marlon Brando in his most celebrated roles) that can potentially ramp up your email engagement and sales as much as 2 or even 3x over time . * A sneaky acting technique (I’ve never seen a single marketing goo-roo teach) seen in “The Godfather” that created chillingly perfect performances... and how to use it to create such almost chillingly strong relationships with your leads, prospects, customers, and clients they may not want to buy from anyone BUT you. * Advice to people who write emails and social media posts in advance to potentially cut your writing time in half - and without using TikTok brain-level generative AI. * The single best free resource (found on Facebook) I’ve ever used for hammering out infotaining emails, social media posts, audio/video content, and even sales copy. (Next time you get “stuck” for ideas simply go to this Facebook page, read a post or two, and watch as interesting, engaging, and cashflow-creating content will probably flow right out of your brain. That’s been my experience, at least.) * A shrewd market research tip from actor Christopher Lloyd that make your business a pile of new sales almost immediately - and possibly even the first time you use it. (A caveat: if you suck at pattern recognition this tip WILL NOT work. Fair warning...) * The 6-word “folk horror” secret behind some of the highest grossing sales letters ever penned. * The little-talked about infotaining sales letter/email template (used in certain Gary Halbert and John Carlton ads - if you know what to look for) I’ve been quietly using in my most engaging content for over 20 years. * A beat-for-beat breakdown of one of the most profitable emails I’ve ever written that was 14 PAGES long! (Email goo-roos saying long emails don’t “work” should be ignored. And this email proves it. Inside I walk you through my 14-page monster you can probably use in your very next email to get more engagement & sales, if you choose.) * The “never have to worry about money ever again” secret used by Bruce Willis and Samuel Jackson to get all the money, fame, and respect they could stand... even though they made far MORE box office duds than successes. (This trick was also used by Stallone, Keanu Reeves, Mel Gibson, Arnold, and others... and if you know what you’re doing, you can apply this directly to your own business to STEAL engagement and sales right out from under your competitors’ noses.) * A dire warning from a Mad Man-era advertiser whose advice seems almost like prophecy today for anyone using generative so-called “AI” to create content. Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA