# Secret free training about business World-Building

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 01 Nov 2025 19:45:12 +0000
**ID:** 19a40f59f919fb66
---

Email Players subscriber Mamoon Yusaf discovers my free World-Building training: “Gotta say, I finally got around to reading [your novel] Zombie Cop. And I totally get what that publisher lady meant about outstanding world-building. It had an “Avengers Assemble” vibe introducing each character. Hat tip to you - the book far exceeded my expectations. I could barely put it down. Hope you make it a movie one day!” A couple things about this: First, the chick he references is someone I heard from almost 12 years ago named Natasa Lekic, CEO of a New York firm called NY Book Editors. They help authors create a book and then connect them with sought-after editors in the industry. At the time she sent me an email that said two things: 1. She’s NOT a fan of my emails, which I have long ago graciously granted her forgiveness for because... 2. She also said she'd read my novel Mamoon referenced above (the first book in my 9-part Enoch Wars series of novels) and said it has a great sense of pacing & World-Building. She even graciously offered to connect me with an agent. That’s not what her company does, so nothing in it for her. And second: Last year I put that first novel, free, in the Enoch Wars mobile app. There is nothing you have to buy or even opt-in to to read it. And it’s inside there in eBook, audio book, and even screenplay format. Should I want to pursue getting it made into a movie at some point, or if Willis does some day, it will be coming from a position of financial strength unlike broke screenwriters do. i.e., Patience is a virtue for writers/successful entrepreneurs/options traders (using Low Stress Trading framework) such as me and a growing number of my best customers. As far as the World-Building lessons the novel teaches goes: That free novel is a demonstration of how I approach it. I just “adapt” how I do World-Building in fiction to my businesses. And I have arguably been doing so for almost 25-years. In some ways that novel, and especially when combined with the 8 other novels in the series, is a power education on how to approach World-Building for business you simply won’t learn from the grifters I keep hearing about suddenly teaching World-Building by mindlessly parroting what they see me saying about it, then passing it off as their own insights and experience. Tell them to post bizeek and they got nothing but social media chest pounding. Too bad for them World-Building comes from a totally different place than copy & paste, as I teach in several of my books on the subject. And it can’t be swiped, aped, or, even more effeminate - “prompted.” Whatever the case: I also have some free fiction writing tips as well as the tips on the business-side of fiction up inside the free Enoch Wars mobile app, too. As for the novels themselves: I want to call them "horror" books. But sometimes they are just as religious (the devil, demons, heaven & hell, etc) as they are horrific. Probably they are more along the lines of the metal band Stryper - which has always been too metal for the Christians, but too Christian for the Metal Heads as I have long back-and-forthed about with my books' editor Greg Perry, and Stefania who edited them, and Daniel Throssell who wrote the intro to book 8 (God Blood). In these books' cases: It's way too much gore for the Christians. And way too much Christianity for the gorehounds. But the series has a small, and lately growing, number of hardcore fans. And especially amongst those wanting to learn how I approach World-Building for business, I have noticed, as it is in and of itself a demonstration of how I approach it. A wise boy or ghoul should be able to discern & “adapt” it to business. Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/enochwars (You will need a smart phone or iPad to access it) Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA