# The blood-soaked knife at the small business man’s throat

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 22 Jun 2025 01:40:11 +0000
**ID:** 197954b73972c04c
---

I once was talking to a pal about how, even though everyone pays lip service to him, the world at large hates - even despises - the small business man. The small business man is vilified. Lied about. Envied. And, worst of all, attacked for no reason whatsoever. Attacked by who, you ask? * Your mask-obsessed politicians who locked his ability to do business down - even as they made exceptions for Costco, Walmart, liquor stores, and other such places. * Your attorney generals who don't like the small business man's political views. * Your favorite big box business store or big tech company who sees the small business man as a threat. * Your greedy lawyers burying him in paperwork. * Your on-the-take socialist judges. * Your envious bureaucrats who force the small business man to be their tax collector. * Your overzealous lobbyists. * And, even your own do-gooder friends and family. Specifically, the ones who continue to vote against the small business man's best interests. In other words: Voting for more taxes, more strangling regulations, more stoopid forms to fill out, more impossible-to-follow rules set up to crush the small business man like GDPR & a maze of dozens of interstate sales tax rules here in the US, and other time & money wasting nonsense. Yes, even though without the small business man they hate so much they'd have no tax money to fund their idiotic utopian dreams. Not to mention the hordes of looters & rioters destroying the small business man’s livelihood with the news media & even Mayors and members of Congress cheering it on. Everyone's hand is against the small business man. Yet the small business man is who provides their jobs. The small business man is who pays the bulk of the taxes. And, the small business man is the one making things go forward economically in spite of the government always trying to tear him down, place obstacles in his path, and tax him into oblivion. Reminds me of Dan Kennedy's "No BS Business" book. There was a small business man overrun by taxes and mind-numbing forms. Every day was another surprise tax bill to be paid. Another regulation to be followed. Another draconian "rule" to be obeyed. Another loser he's never even met wanting to sue him for any reason or no reason at all. Until one day... They find his corpse at the foot of his mailbox dead of a heart attack and - Tax forms clutched in hand! The current LA rioting reminded me of this, and from 2020 when, after some small businesses got looted, set on fire, and destroyed, never to be re-opened, the response from the communist peanut gallery was: “Who cares? They are insured!” So that’s that for now. If you want more musings like this see my free Settleheads Facebook group. You can join it here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/settleheads Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA