# Shillin’ like a villain

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 04 Oct 2025 15:39:51 +0000
**ID:** 199afe12bb3dc268
---

Uh-oh: "Loved your [Villains] book but didn’t change a bit, I read it every year and sometimes 2 times per year with making notes but its a lot of good advice but don’t know how to change and become a villain as the title of your book. Love you man keep it up the best copywriter in the world." My first thought about this is: Don’t try to be a “villain” or shill yourself out as some kind of villain. What I teach in my Villains books trilogy is not about going around LARPing as some kind of villainous mastermind sipping wine from a goblet in a chateau lair. They are about equipping you with certain tools of influence & persuasion & charisma, and basically having more confidence - and not having to try to “be” anything or anyone but you, not being in any other business but the business of being you, and not trying to first sell anything else but you. Those are not necessarily spelled out. It’s mostly between the lines. And is all just timeless advice wrapped around in an infotaining package. So here is what I suggest: Focus on trying to become just 1% better today at what you do in business than you were yesterday. Then tomorrow do the same thing, and try to become just 1% better than you were the day before... rinse & repeat over and over and over every day. At the end of the year? You are 365% better. This 1% better is something I first learned when Email Players subscriber & the Founding Father of online marketing as we know (yes, we would not be doing this if it weren’t for him) Ken McCarthy interviewed Email Players subscriber and the man universally considered to be the World’s Greatest Living Copywriter Gary Bencivenga 20 years ago. And it definitely had an impact on my business to say the least. Daily 1% increments can move mountains. At the risk of sounding like a shill for an offer I'm selling in a couple days: It’s also, not-so-coincidentally, the foundation of Low Stress Trading that my biz partner Troy Broussard worked out over some 20,000+ trades to figure out the Framework he teaches, and still adheres to today, after over 40,000 trades, day in, and day out. Apply this to anything you want to get better at: Business, health, relationships, trading, whatever it is you want to excel at. Do that and I DEFY you not to be a different person within 90 days. And in 365 days? You'll probably seem like a being from another planet. Especially to your normie friends stuck in neutral or going in reverse. As far as my Villains books trilogy goes, more here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/villains Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA