# We have a hulk

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 29 May 2025 01:40:35 +0000
**ID:** 19719b30f6cc9125
---

Not that it matters: But the first time I used this email's subject line was back in 2012. And it was probably the “most swiped” subject line I’d ever written at the time by copywriters too lazy to think for themselves. Not unlike the AI brain’d guys worshipping fapGPT and flirting with their AI girlfriends today. Many of the ones who swiped it even got called out publicly (by people on my list who saw it), and seemed genuinely shocked why people were making fun of them. So it goes in copywriting clown world. Whatever the case: I was reminded of it recently when editing the June Email Players issue. That “we have a hulk” line is from the first Avengers movie. And the context is, Loki is talking to Tony Stark. (i.e. Ironman) about the futility of fighting him when he has an entire alien horde of soldiers on his side, while the Avengers are just 5 heroes, who are isolated, not even yet a team, no leadership, no direction, etc. So Loki tells Tony: “I have an army.” Stark flippantly replies: “We have a HULK.” And, as anyone who has seen the movie knows, the Hulk pretty much steals the show as he slaps alien space ships around mid air (literally), squashes aliens with his bare hands, and gives Loki quite the beat down. Yes, Loki had an army. But the Avengers had a HULK. And that one Hulk allowed them to compete (and ultimately win against) that entire army. Which brings me back to the June Email Players issue: There is one thing the direct mail piece analyzed inside the June issue displays that nobody else in the market competing against it has, to our knowledge. Something that, if you did nothing but isolate that one thing for your own advertising, can help make the sales all on its own. It’s literally our ad's “we have a hulk” line. What I am referring to specifically is what’s called a: “Gold Card Testimonial” This is a term I first heard years ago from the great, and esteemed master of getting free media publicity Paul Hartunian. A Gold Card testimonial is one from a especially credible source. In our case, we have one from Email Players subscriber Jon Alexander who was the CMO of Agora’s Legacy Research where he helped sell $1.8 billion in financial newsletters. i.e., he’s pretty much seen it all. And I hear tell he now actively trades the Low Stress Trading way and certainly endorsed it in the testimonial. And there was no way under God’s blue heaven I wasn’t going to put that bad-boy in the postcards we tested to help drive fresh, new opt-ins to our website. The beauty of a Gold Card testimonial is it doesn’t even really need to have substance. It could literally say: “I agree with this product that water is wet” But if it’s from the right person, it won’t matter. And if it says something of substance like Jon's it becomes something quite powerful indeed. Anyway, I discuss this more, and how I almost managed to screw up our Gold Card testimonial - yes, I almost turned the Hulk into puny Banner! - inside the June Email Players issue. It’s a cautionary lesson, if nothing else. And if you use testimonials in your ads, emails, marketing, and if you are making the mistake I almost did (many ads do, I have noticed), then just reversing course and applying the advice inside can potentially make a huge, and lasting different on ye olde box office gross. You can read all about what’s inside in the P.S. down below. To subscribe in time for this issue use this link before the deadline: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Below is a lil’ taste of what awaits you inside the June issue: * An ingenious writing secret (found in popular old detective novels) that can help make your blatant selling ads feel like content. * A sneaky way to “pre-test” an ad to help know if it’s going to win or bomb before spending any time or money running it. * How deliberately including a “pinch” (just a pinch!) of outright psychopathy can help create, build, and grow a business in the diet niche. (NOTE: discernment and being able to read between the lines is required if you’re going to use this bit of knowledge I learned from an old Gary Halbert diet promotion campaign.) * What the great A-list copywriter Doug D’Anna recently taught me (on a live call) about what is perhaps the #1 body copy secret for turning ice cold leads into red hot sales. * A clever way to use a prospect’s own mailbox to help drive up response and sales if you use direct mail. * Probably the #1 most profitable copywriting technique I have ever learned that helped even my early “mid” level sales copy pull like crazy - including when competing against far better copywriters. (This technique haunts nearly every ad and email I write - including in THIS email you’re reading as I use it “on you.” Details on page 16 inside.) * A little-known trick (I learned directly from one of the best publicity experts who ever lived) for writing tighter, stronger, and more responsive sales copy. * A word-for-word email I sent a business partner explaining exactly how to grow a strong and ever-growing customer/client base. (Including during times like now where most businesses are hemorrhaging sales & customers left & right with no end insight!) * A real life case study in how writing a “Hail Mary pass” ad (that clients will hate and you’ll probably have trouble even getting tested) can blast your response far higher than playing it safe. * A stupid, amateur, and all-too-common landing page mistake that can kill your direct mail campaign response. (Yes, I, your ever-humble daily narrator made this idiotic blunder in a recent direct mail test to drive opt-ins to a web page... and even though we still did exceptionally well, we could have gotten probably 5-10x MORE response had I not had my head up my arse about this.) * A secret way (copy chiefs will almost certainly despise - so don’t expect anyone to cheer you on if you do it) for copywriters to use LOSING ads and sales letters in their swipe files to write winners that break sales & response records. * A ridiculously responsive headline template invented by the late, brilliant copywriter Gene Schwartz that I have yet to see fail. (It can also work as a template for writing your sales pitch openers, too, if you struggle with those.) * How to “soften” big, crazy claims & benefits (assuming they are true) so they are far more believable and far less likely to set off someone’s “bull shit” detector. * How to write sales copy in a way where the reader is more likely to think “this guy can’t be lying” as he reads it. (Doesn’t guarantee he will buy or respond, but it should at least get you a fair reading and chance to sell him if you do it right.) * How to use the ancient “law of the jungle” in your ads & emails to potentially want to buy what you’re selling even if they originally had no interest in what you’re writing about. * A secret used by history’s greatest military generals (Napoleon and Alexander the Great especially especially advocated this) for winning war campaigns you can also use to win more copywriting, email, and other marketing campaigns. (Gene Schwartz advocated doing this in copywriting as well, and so have many other A-list copywriters I’ve studied. With all of them retiring it’s almost like a lost art now.) * The “butt clench” test to know if you are pushing hard enough with your guarantees. * Advice I got straight from the world’s greatest direct mail strategist that can help you sell to ice cold leads who have no idea who you are with no real reason to listen to a word you say. * The Phil Donahue daytime talk show secret to profiting from boring “I like the color of the product packaging” type testimonials that don’t really say anything useful. (This won’t work for all testimonials, but if you can use it with even ONE of them, you will likely see a dramatic rise in response.) * A reverse psychology copywriting technique that can potentially help get even the most jaded & skeptical leads, prospects, and customers to chase you instead of you chasing them. * An admitted twisted secret I recently used for getting far higher response to a direct mail campaign (I suspect it might also work online, probably, although I admittedly have yet to test it. Anyway, do what you want with this info, I am merely showing you what I did to get 5x the average direct mail response.) * How creating a “double readership path” in your sales copy can potentially destroy your sales and response. (This flies in the face of a lot of copywriting books - but like all rules it can and, sometimes should, be broken. See page 20.) * A secret taught by the late, great Jim Rutz (one of the top 3 copywriters, easy, of his day) about how to write to leads in the finance space that can help get both higher response and better customers. * Why so many old school direct mail guys are online and don’t really do much cold direct mail themselves anymore. * A nuanced look at what I believe is the perfect copywriting “tone” for selling to super jaded and skeptical markets where people are (literally, this is what goes through their head) looking at every sentence you write and thinking, “this is bull shit” and looking for reasons to delete, click away, or (if direct mail) toss you out. * Speaking of guarantees: How to cover your arse from getting overrun with fraudulent refunders who love to buy and frivolously refund. * A real life example of how to use “social engineering” on the sneak in your calls to action for higher response and better quality customers. Subscription info here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA