# Advice to timid writers scared to death of getting started

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 28 Jun 2025 23:44:48 +0000
**ID:** 197b8ee443f09561
---

Where the question is asked: ==== Hi Ben, Not sure why I haven’t emailed you sooner (maybe cause I’m scared the great email copywriting legend will humble me too much with this idiotic email haha), but I just wanted to say that I love your emails. I find value in them, like, 99% of the time. I’ve had eureka moments just from your free content, which is insane. I want to buy your books, but here’s my thing: I trust that your teachings work, but I am not sure I can trust myself to implement them. What would you say to someone like me? I think I’m good at writing... But executing what I learn is hard. I tend to be timid, maybe because I don’t always know what I’m doing or my mind is blank. Really just depends on the day I guess LOL. You’re the copywriter that I always come back to, and I always wonder how you know so much and come up with such amazing content. I aspire to be an email copywriter like yourself (not copying you, of course LOL), but I really think your content is gold. Also, I vibe with your bluntness and agree with you on many things. I’m a Christian also, and I appreciate you being bold and also touching on some topics even normie Christians wouldn’t. Anyway, again, love your stuff. === The last kind of person I’m going to “humble” is someone asking a sincere question. It’s the spittle-on-the-carpet snark bois who I have fun with. But as for her question: If you make writing fun, you don’t have to motivate yourself, trick yourself, or otherwise manipulate/coax yourself into getting work done any more than someone who likes watching TV and finds it fun has to be motivated, tricked, or coaxed into watching TV. When it comes to email: If it ain’t fun to write, then throw it out and find something that is fun to write about. After all, if it ain’t fun for you to write, it won’t be fun for anyone else to read. Enthusiasm “trickles down.” It’s why, for example, I have never once been tempted to use fapGPT to write with. That’s almost like outsourcing watching my favorite movies to Grok. I want to experience the writing, not hide from it like the generative AI crowd. Writing is fun, exciting, and the ultimate rush if you do it right (or write). This email I am writing now is the fourth one I’ve written today (I write a lot of my emails in batches). And it’s not work, it’s play. I woke up this morning eager to get to it, especially since I just spent the last several days tediously editing audio for a 10-hour course about a topic I’m launching next year. I was up at 3:15’ish am and working within 30 minutes having the time of my life. It’s not a “chore” to write these emails, it’s a privilege. It’s like eating dessert first. In many ways, for me at least, it’s also therapy. Will not explain. More: Later this year I’m wanting to get back into writing fiction. Fiction is a lot harder than writing emails. It can be a lot more nerve-wracking too, because of the uncertainty aspect to it. In the introduction to my newly updated Zombie Cop novel (the one I have free in the Enoch Wars mobile app) I put it like this: “It’s a strange phenomenon that is as nerve-racking (not knowing the ending and hoping it’ll be good) as it is exhilarating (also not knowing the ending and hoping it’ll be good).” This is not something to avoid, it’s something to chase. Anyway, I don’t know if this helps anyone else or not. The vast majority of people want to “have written” but not actually write. That is why fapGPT, AI, etc is so popular. It reminds me of a scene in the movie “Warrior” between Tom Hardy and Nick Nolte. Tom plays a guy about to compete in an MMA tournament and wants his ex-alcoholic and wife-abusing father (Nolte) to train him. He hates his dad, but he also knows his dad is the best trainer for him. So Tom walks into a diner to meet with his dad to discuss his training. And his dad immediately says: “Hand ‘em over right now. I know they’re on you, Tommy. You sounded like a goddamn maraca coming through the door.” Tommy reaches into his pocket and slides two bottles across the table. i.e., performance enhancing drugs. His dad then says: “This is for losers and old men.” That’s the perfect analogy for generative so-called AI for writers. Forget all that shyt and just sac up and write. If you have doubts as we all do at times, confidence problems as we all do at times, or think you won’t be any good as we all do at times... well, guess what? Just means you’re a flawed human being like the rest of us. And all that doubt and head trash can only make your writing better and more human if you harness it, instead of trying to fight it. Don’t worry if it’s good, bad, fugly, or anything else. Just do the work, every day, whether you “feel” like it or not or have time or not. That’s what separates the winners... from the terminally online using generative AI. End of pep talk. It’s not a coincidence that I use a lot of movie and Hollywood analogies when talking about this sort of thing. Because I have learned a lot about writing, marketing, and business by studying Performers. And this is especially true when it comes to learning how to be more entertaining and merging that with information/content. i.e., Infotainment. And that just so happens to be what the July Email Players issue is all about. I had a lot of fun writing it, and I have had even more fun profiting like gangbusters from implementing the information inside over the last several years in my own business, writing, and marketing. And that fun has made the process a whole helluva lot more exciting and profitable, and has helped me stand out from all the dorks flooding the market with nonsensical generative AI and goo-roo grifting. You can read more about what I teach inside the July issue in the P.S. below. To subscribe before the tight deadline coming up go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s what awaits you inside the July issue of the paid Email Players newsletter: * The “you can go to hell!” headline (or subject line) secret to getting so much engagement it’ll probably freak you out the first time you use it. * A crazy-ass Method Acting trick that helped my sales copy build a six figure per month business in the golf niche. (I’d never even played golf at the time, yet this trick beat the hell out of the control written by a far more seasoned golf niche copywriter right out the gate.) * The “multiple personality” phenomenon for writing world class email and sales copy. (If you haven’t “heard” the voices of the markets you’ve written to haunting your psyche 24/7 years after writing the copy, it means you’re still sane, but probably not making the sales you could. Use at your own risk.) * The semi-insulting reason reason Email Players subscribers without the ability to think abstractly struggle with using the content. (Something to consider before subscribing - don’t say you weren’t warned.) * How to make your emails, social media, sales copy more fun for people to consume than their favorite Netflix, Hulu, Apple, Amazon, and other streaming shows/movies. * An ingenious method (used by Marlon Brando in his most celebrated roles) that can potentially ramp up your email engagement and sales as much as 2 or even 3x over time . * A sneaky acting technique (I’ve never seen a single marketing goo-roo teach) seen in “The Godfather” that created chillingly* perfect performances... and how to use it to create such almost chillingly strong relationships with your leads, prospects, customers, and clients they may not want to buy from anyone BUT you. * Advice to people who write emails and social media posts in advance to potentially cut your writing time in half - and without using TikTok brain-level generative AI. * The single best free resource (found on Facebook) I’ve ever used for hammering out infotaining emails, social media posts, audio/video content, and even sales copy. (Next time you get “stuck” for ideas simply go to this Facebook page, read a post or two, and watch as interesting, engaging, and cashflow-creating content will probably flow right out of your brain. That’s been my experience, at least.) * A shrewd market research tip from actor Christopher Lloyd that make your business a pile of new sales almost immediately - and possibly even the first time you use it. (A caveat: if you suck at pattern recognition this tip WILL NOT work. Fair warning...) * The 6-word “folk horror” secret behind some of the highest grossing sales letters ever penned. * The little-talked about infotaining sales letter/email template (used in certain Gary Halbert and John Carlton ads - if you know what to look for) I’ve been quietly using in my most engaging content for over 20 years. * A beat-for-beat breakdown of one of the most profitable emails I’ve ever written that was 14 PAGES long! (Email goo-roos saying long emails don’t “work” should be ignored. And this email proves it. Inside I walk you through my 14-page monster you can probably use in your very next email to get more engagement & sales, if you choose.) * The “never have to worry about money ever again” secret used by Bruce Willis and Samuel Jackson to get all the money, fame, and respect they could stand... even though they made far MORE box office duds than successes. (This trick was also used by Stallone, Keanu Reeves, Mel Gibson, Arnold, and others... and if you know what you’re doing, you can apply this directly to your own business to STEAL engagement and sales right out from under your competitors’ noses.) * A dire warning from a Mad Man-era advertiser whose advice seems almost like prophecy today for anyone using generative so-called “AI” to create content. Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA