# Some intriguing FAX about infotainment

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 25 Jun 2025 11:45:17 +0000
**ID:** 197a6e833ef383e6
---

True story: Last year I was back-and-forthing with the great Dan Kennedy by FAX. And I asked him: “What stuff do you read to stay current? Politics, entertainment, the culture, sports, news . . .but also business/direct marketing industry, politics?” He gave a long list of just such material. But, what stood out was this part specifically: “I subscribed to VARIETY and HOLLYWOOD REPORTER because I think I’m in the entertainment business.” As usual, he is right: If you’re in direct marketing at all you, my friend, are in the ENTERTAINMENT business, too. Whether you like it or not, want to be or not, or even care about the topic or not. I’ve written a lot about infotainment - combining entertainment with information/content - in Email Players throughout the years, plus inside my best-selling “Infotainment Jackpot” book. It does not come easy to everyone, but it is absolutely a learnable skill. If I could figure it out, probably anyone can. And guess ye what? To celebrate the fateful day next month the U.S. Government STILL hasn’t recognized as a national holiday (my birthday)… I’m teaching methods for profiting from infotainment (and entertainers) I have been testing and playing around with for several years inside the July Email Players issue. I’ve been obsessed with this topic since first hearing the great Matt Furey teach it (he is the “Godfather of Infotainment” far as I’m concerned) some two decades ago. This is THE #1 skill to learn. Nothing else, in my opinion, comes close. And this is even more true today - especially since the fake pandemic when millions of broccoli heads & anons rushed online into all kinds of niches & markets, clogging inboxes with their stupid cold emails, desperately grandstanding like clucking chickens for rage bait clicks & chasing algorithms on social media, and creating more noise to cut through such as never has been before and probably never will be again. Infotainment lets you stand right out from all that clucking. Frankly, get this right, and a lot of marketing “sins” are forgiven. The deadline to subscribe in time for the July issue will be here soon. To subscribe while you still can go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s a small taste of what awaits you inside: * The “you can go to hell!” headline (or subject line) secret to getting so much engagement it’ll probably freak you out the first time you use it. * A crazy-ass Method Acting trick that helped my sales copy build a six figure per month business in the golf niche. (I’d never even played golf at the time, yet this trick beat the hell out of the control written by a far more seasoned golf niche copywriter right out the gate.) * The “multiple personality” phenomenon for writing world class email and sales copy. (If you haven’t “heard” the voices of the markets you’ve written to haunting your psyche 24/7 years after writing the copy, it means you’re still sane, but probably not making the sales you could. Use at your own risk.) * The semi-insulting reason reason Email Players subscribers without the ability to think abstractly struggle with using the content. (Something to consider before subscribing - don’t say you weren’t warned.) * How to make your emails, social media, sales copy more fun for people to consume than their favorite Netflix, Hulu, Apple, Amazon, and other streaming shows/movies. * An ingenious method (used by Marlon Brando in his most celebrated roles) that can potentially ramp up your email engagement and sales as much as 2 or even 3x over time . * A sneaky acting technique (I’ve never seen a single marketing goo-roo teach) seen in “The Godfather” that created * chillingly* perfect performances... and how to use it to create such almost chillingly strong relationships with your leads, prospects, customers, and clients they may not want to buy from anyone BUT you. * Advice to people who write emails and social media posts in advance to potentially cut your writing time in half - and without using TikTok brain-level generative AI. * The single best free resource (found on Facebook) I’ve ever used for hammering out infotaining emails, social media posts, audio/video content, and even sales copy. (Next time you get “stuck” for ideas simply go to this Facebook page, read a post or two, and watch as interesting, engaging, and cashflow-creating content will probably flow right out of your brain. That’s been my experience, at least.) * A shrewd market research tip from actor Christopher Lloyd that make your business a pile of new sales almost immediately - and possibly even the first time you use it. (A caveat: if you suck at pattern recognition this tip WILL NOT work. Fair warning...) * The 6-word “folk horror” secret behind some of the highest grossing sales letters ever penned. * The little-talked about infotaining sales letter/email template (used in certain Gary Halbert and John Carlton ads - if you know what to look for) I’ve been quietly using in my most engaging content for over 20 years. * A beat-for-beat breakdown of one of the most profitable emails I’ve ever written that was 14 PAGES long! (Email goo-roos saying long emails don’t “work” should be ignored. And this email proves it. Inside I walk you through my 14-page monster you can probably use in your very next email to get more engagement & sales, if you choose.) * The “never have to worry about money ever again” secret used by Bruce Willis and Samuel Jackson to get all the money, fame, and respect they could stand... even though they made far MORE box office duds than successes. (This trick was also used by Stallone, Keanu Reeves, Mel Gibson, Arnold, and others... and if you know what you’re doing, you can apply this directly to your own business to STEAL engagement and sales right out from under your competitors’ noses.) * A dire warning from a Mad Man-era advertiser whose advice seems almost like prophecy today for anyone using generative so-called “AI” to create content. Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA