# NY Times reporter uncovers next shameless goo-roo grift

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 21 Sep 2025 23:15:16 +0000
**ID:** 1996e90ffeca8c32
---

Recently a NY Times op-ed had a startlingly useful business insight. It also brilliantly exposed what the next shameless goo-roo grift could very well be. And it did it to the extent where I would not at all be shocked if the cheerleaders for generative so-called AI suddenly switched to and start talking themselves up as becoming world class experts at what that op-ed talked about in the coming weeks, months, and years. Unfortunately, the op-ed is behind a paywall. So below are selected quotes from Zero Hedge about it for your reading displeasure. The “secret” taught that op-ed talked about will be obvious: “Everywhere you go, everything you do, every service you pay for—it feels like customer service simply no longer exists.” “most places you go actually make you feel like an asshole for daring to be a customer in the first place.” “I catch myself constantly asking, ‘Why am I putting up with this shit?’” “...here’s the ugly truth: service is dead.” “On a given day I interact with supposedly ‘best-in-class’ businesses, and nearly every time I walk away feeling bent over a barrel.” “The premium experience is still garbage.” And the money quote to memorize it all and tie a big bow around it: “...when I think about the future I don’t see the next big opportunity as another buzzy app or sleek new product. It’s customer service.” This is obviously nothing “new.” And it’s nowhere near as sexy to most as the next fapGPT upgrade. But I can tell you this: Superior Service & Experience is, and always has been, the “great equalizer.” If you can’t beat ‘em on superior price, superior offer(s), superior quality, superior guarantees, superior sales copy, superior talent, superior skill, superior credentials, or superior anything else - you can always, Always, ALWAYS compete on, and potentially win on… Superior Service. I liken Superior Service to a scene in Disney’s movie: “The Sword In the Stone” It’s about the boy who’d one day become King Arthur. And in the scene, the wizard Merlin and the evil witch Madam Mim have a wizard’s duel turning into various animals to try to outwit & kill each other. But before they begin they lay down four ground rules: (1) no turning into minerals or vegetables, only animals (2) no make-believe things like dragons (3) no disappearing, and... (Merlin snaps): (4) "no cheating" At the end of the fight, Madam Mim breaks all the rules and cheats by turning invisible and also later turning into a dragon, that is about to destroy Merlin. And there it appears there is nothing Merlin can turn into to beat that fire breathing dragon wanting to consume him. So what does Merlin do? He transforms himself into… A GERM. A germ that causes dragon Madam Mim to get violently sick, humiliated, & defeated. Literally bed-ridden and powerless for weeks. That’s what Superior Service can do for your business as far as being the ultimate equalizer. Frankly, in my nearly 25-years up in this space, I have yet to see any one thing that can: (1) increase your sales & response… (2) boost your email deliverability & reputation with Gmail and the other main ESPs… (3) inspire “good will” & confidence in your business… (4) create a brand that is nearly completely troll & hater “proof”… (5) turn even the most rapid skeptics into lifelong fans & customers… (6) draw people to your email & customer list in droves… (7) protect your business from the vagaries of recessions & unpredictable current global events… (8) give you an advantage over nearly any business & service you compete against… and (9) let you charge far higher prices with customers eager to pay them... ...better than good, old fashioned, and dare I say “analog”... Superior Service. No clever closes or one-liners can even begin to match it. No amount of “world class” copy or marketing can ever beat it. And no so-called AI workflow or LLM can manufacture, duplicate, or replicate it. It’s not only the great equalizer but the proverbial nuclear bomb in the knife fight. And if you’re doing it right, it can cheaply (assuming it costs you anything at all) and potentially give you an overwhelmingly powerful advantage over nearly any competitor you ever sell against. Plus, it can forgive a lot of marketing “sins” you may commit now or in the future. And it can absolutely make it so customers & leads will want to buy from you and only you, even if what you sell isn’t “the best” and is way higher in price than something similar, identical, or better than what you sell. As far as where to learn this near-magical skill from? My own “go to guy” on this is Email Players subscriber Vance Morris. You can easily Google him if you want. But the highlights are: He spent 10 years working at Disney - including designing and opening/operating “Chef Mickey’s” (Disney’s flagship Character Dining Experience). He has also consulted everyone on how to give Superior Service from NASA & the Executive Office of the United States to Tyson Foods & The Smithsonian. He has also even shared the stage teaching his world class service secrets with some of the top direct marketers in the world - like Dan Kennedy, for example. More: I’ve never seen anyone who can better “merge” direct response marketing with giving Superior Service than him. In fact, when my business partner Troy Broussard at Low Stress Trading and I decided to hire a “Customer Advocate” (someone OBSESSED with Service who would even, if necessary, advocate AGAINST us and FOR the client... literally have the client’s back if we screw up), I went straight to him and we recruited her (Jenny Hendricks) from his pool of students. The results have been ridiculously profitable, to say the least. No super calculator “AI” could ever do what she does. Nor could such a super calculator create the relationships with our clients (who all love her) she has. All because of her heart and I'd argue outright "zealotry" for Superior Service. Anyway, I'm not accustomed to giving free advertising to businesses. But in this case, I'm doing it purely out of gratitude to Vance Morris for referring Jenny to us, who has gone so far above & beyond her role, and makes us looks good. Thus, I told him telling my list about his upcoming live event in February is the least I can do. Last I checked he has 5 spots left. And before anyone asks: No I am NOT an affiliate for this event. But, I am going to treat this like I am in as much as whoever is the FIRST to buy one of these spots from this email (make sure you tell him you’re one of my boys or ghouls, as this is not being tracked) will get an autographed copy of my $1,230.00 ParaSELL Universe book - which has a section all-about Superior Service in it. Superior Service is, in my way of doing things, a major part of World-Building. (One of the subjects ParaSELL Universe covers in great detail) You can read about Vance Morris’s event at the link below. And again, if you buy, make sure you tell him you’re one of MY people. The first person to buy from this email gets that autographed copy of ParaSELL Universe. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/service Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA