# Copywriting Conversations with God

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 05 Jun 2025 15:44:52 +0000
**ID:** 19740c47cfdae9d6
---

To celebrate the Email Players newsletter’s 13-year anniversary last year, I gifted subscribers: “Email Players Annual #3: Copywriting Conversations With God” It’s an oversized (in physical size and word count) 68-page issue that exists outside the continuity of the main issues - and contains some of my favorite copywriting & marketing tips I’ve picked up from the Good Book. It’s also something I’m making available for sale to the masses today, along with an extremely valuable bonus (see the PS below) until Sunday 6/8 at midnight EDT. If this intrigues you, more here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/convo Ben Settle P.S. As for the bonus, it’s called: "The Stefania Files: Vol 5” These are three “back room”-style candid - and at times heated & antagonistic - conversations between Stefania and me about copywriting, marketing, email, and business. It is all raw, with nothing held back - the kind of talks we have privately when nobody is around, except I pushed record on my phone and let 'em rip this time. (NOTE: You will need a smart phone or iPad to access this bonus - see below for details.) A few of the tips inside include: * A secret way to grow your email list without even sending any extra traffic to it. * A totally “passive” way to get peers, colleagues, customers, clients, and others who like your content to pay for the privilege of helping drive traffic & leads to your site! * The “magic number” pricing secret that can work like crazy if you sell to scatter brained leads and customers with fruit fly-like attention spans. * How to (ethically) manipulate the neurological connections in your customers’ brains to help pre-sell your future offers you have not even created yet. (Believe it or not, this was something the late Earl Nightingale used to teach, and it is almost unbelievably profitable if you do it right.) * How to use ghost stories in your content (especially if you sell courses) to keep engagement and consumption as high as possible. * An old timey day mail order millionaire trick for creating advertising with the highest chance of selling. (Mail order guys approached copywriting totally different from today’s spoiled online generation - there was no cheap testing, and if they got it wrong a lot of them went bankrupt. But if they got it right, which many did using this trick, they could potentially become millionaires with just one ad.) * What to do when closing copywriting clients that can make it far more likely they will test your ads without bogging you down with a bunch of stupid changes and “notes.” * How I got one of my highest paying clients without having to show him my portfolio or any samples. (In fact, he contacted me with the full intention of already wanting to hire me, and only me, due to this simple thing I did.) * A research secret for rapidly learning a new market to the point where you might even know the people in that market better than their own mothers or spouses do! * A sneaky way to use Big Brother regulations & consumer protection laws to make your sales copy far stronger, far more engaging, and potentially far more profitable. And that’s just for starters, there are lots more tips inside. You can read more of them at the link below. Also, very important: You’ll need a smart phone or iPad via the free Learnistic mobile app to access this bonus. So keep that in mind before buying this offer if you want this bonus. Here’s the link again: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/convo This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA