# The trick to selling info everyone else gives away free

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 30 Nov 2025 15:45:13 +0000
**ID:** 19ad571ac733173c
---

WD (not sure he wants me naming him) asks: === I have a question about authority. Thanks to you and a few others, I’ve decided to start my own fitness email list. As a former personal trainer, this is something I can write about all day. However, it’s been a while since I wore my personal training hat. And with zero website or social media presence, I am basically a fitness nobody in today’s world. Since I have zero desire to start a social media page, and since (I think) people generally prefer buying from authority figures, here’s my question: Is there a way to convey myself as an authority from the get-go? Or is it simply a case of “write really good emails that your list wants to read... and be patient”? It occurred to me that with your history of running offers in multiple niches, you likely have some expertise in this area. === Yes indeed, I’ve sold in many-a-market where this is the case. Including diet, dating, MLM training (where it was especially bad), self-defense (also rife with free info), prostate problems, golf, financial offers (most recently), and, yes, the accursed online marketing niche. In fact, from what I can tell, most markets are like that now. Especially with everyone and their mother positioned as “influencer”. So what do you do? The answer is, as they say, simple. Almost TOO simple for most, probably. And yet, you also probably don’t see a whole lot of people doing it. I personally do it all the time, both directly and indirectly. Very little info is not found via Google or Reddit or on torrent sites these days when it comes to mass markets. And this is especially true of anything money and/or health related or even adjacent. But, that doesn’t really matter, if you know what I do about this. Because people are not really buying the product/offer/service, they are buying “you.” That’s why pirate sites have to sell stuff for pennies on the dollar, and why it probably isn’t even worth it for a lot of them to go through the trouble. Because nobody is buying the crooked bum pirates. But, they’re not buying the freebie giveaway artists, either. And inside the December Email Players issue I explain, in detail, exactly how to sell in markets where everyone is giving everything away free - including in the market my customer above sells in (the fitness market) where it’s especially overheated with free this and free that, not to mention horrible (even dangerous) info when it comes to health. More about what’s inside this issue in the P.S. To get in on this action before tonight’s deadline go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. More “goodies” you’ll unwrap inside the December issue: * Unusual tips for creating your first digital product when you’re not sure what to sell, not sure if anyone will want what you sell, or not sure if your ideas are even likely to sell. * The trick to positioning your brand as a trusted authority worthy of listening to & buying from right from the get-go. * A quickie, “idiot’s guide” to creating a marketing funnel if you’re not sure what to do, where to begin, or who to listen to. * How one-man-band businesses can stand out even as the “AI email avalanche” continues to create more and more noise and inbox clutter. * The ingenious Gene Schwartz trick (based on neurophysiology research of his day) for turning stray brain farts into world class headlines, subject lines, story lines, bullets/fascinations, even entire offers. * What email copywriters who insist on using generative so-called AI should know about Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail and other inbox services. * The shrewd creativity trick I’ve been using for over 20 years to generate nearly unlimited profitable ideas for emails, sales copy, books, newsletters, and marketing campaigns across multiple businesses. * A surprisingly effective headline-writing technique (used by writers of the New York Post and other popular rags) you can watch in a popular Bugs Bunny cartoon on YouTube. * Advice to struggling copywriters that can help you almost immediately extract more joy (and profit) from your work. * An insanely profitable (but definitely NOT easy to pull off) secret found in Robert Greene’s “33 Strategies of War” for potentially making more sales in a few months than you probably would in 10+ years otherwise. (I’ve done this 3 times. And while I can say it worked to almost spooky degree, it can also literally take years off your life if you’re easily stressed, rattled by uncertainty, or burned out.) * A strange - but true - way to “leap frog” over the time, frustration, & uncertainty phase of creating high-priced offers that can potentially sell like hotcakes to your list. * A bizarre method (taught by the late A-list actor Steve McQueen towards the end of his life) for having almost supernatural levels productivity. * How to become so “emotionally one” with your prospects that you can know almost exactly what they want to buy with potentially near-pinpoint precision. (And without having to twist around with endless pre-testing, surveys, or even asking them.) * The “mask of influence” secret (perfect for hardcore introverts) used by Johnny Carson to help him become one of the richest & most celebrated brands of his day. * Some raw and unfiltered thoughts about how to build equity in a solo business. (Including how I approach doing it in my own company.) * What you absolutely must do first (assuming you don’t want to lose a ton of customers, at least) to safely convert a digital membership model into a print newsletter model like mine. * What to do if your email copywriting game is tight but your promos keep flopping left and right. * A “switch” you can flip in your brain that can help protect yourself from withering burnout. * What I’m teaching my own flesh-and-blood son about how to have as consistently high physical, mental, and creative energy levels as possible. * One thing almost all people who tend to live longer do that almost all people who tend to die early don’t. To have a merrier Christmas than usual for your business go here before tonight’s deadline: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA