# The dueling B’s

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 11 Jul 2025 11:45:16 +0000
**ID:** 197f94de0f5c9a9f
---

The “B’s being Ben vs Bob. (Yours unruly vs the great, and esteemed Bob Bly) I have been a big fan of Bob Bly since the 90’s when my uncle (who has a business writing brochures) first told me he learned a lot about writing from him. And I became an even bigger fan when I became a copywriter in 2002. I’ve also had many back-and-forths with Bob about our different points of view, such as about client work (he loves doing client work, I hate it). He also graciously wrote the intro to my first Enoch Wars novel (Zombie Cop) and I even had the opportunity to speak with him on the phone a few months ago, which was a highlight of my business in many ways. So let’s just get that on the table first. Nothing but respect for Mr. Bly. And I always refer copywriters to him. That said, he wrote an email not long ago about being a Client-less Copywriter (referencing my program AWAI sells). He called it a “fad” which I totally disagree with. The concept as I teach it in Client-less Copywriter (being your own client and/or being your own client in addition to taking on freelance clients - Bob is literally a Client-less Copywriter by my definition) has been around since at least Gene Schwartz. So in my way of thinking it is not a fad, but a state of mind and way of living and doing business. So that’s disagreement #1. I also have a “semi” disagreement #2 with Bob’s email, where he said: “...this clientless copywriting business model is burdened with a major drawback. Namely, for many writers, they only write about what they know best. And often, the only thing many writers know really well is writing. Which for copywriters, is more specifically something to do with copywriting or online marketing. So, when these clientless copywriters create a "product," it is typically a course on some aspect of copywriting or online marketing. As a result, the market is glutted with too many info products on writing and digital marketing.” He is right (and write) about the glut of info products about writing & digital marketing. But those are far from the the only people who have been learning my methodology. Take, for example: Email Players subscribers Doug Pew in his wife’s MLM business, Yael Shoval in her business that helps kids with ADHD, and Carlos Samaniego who uses it in his business that helps people with IRS problems, and Wade Skalsky who is in the process of using it to do his own. Finally, something Bob said which I totally DO agree with: “When you are a clientless copywriter, writing only to sell your own info products, that is--for me, at least--very limiting... and not fully satisfying. One of the great joys of writing copy for "real" clients is the wide variety of products, services, industries, markets, topics, and niches I get to write about. And not just "info products," but also physical goods and professional services.” That is a “to each their own” thing. And for guys like me who hate working for clients - which are just glorified bosses - it is a whole helluva lot more fun to write for my own businesses. In my case, I have multiple businesses, not just my books & newsletters, but software and Options trading coaching as well. As for the realities of client work: I would argue Bob spent 40 years with a much higher caliber of client than today’s clients by and large - especially newer copywriters who have skill but can only find dumb-as-a-box-of-rocks AI-worshipping “founders” and “startup” clients - have to deal with. Bob’s own view of so-called AI (which I share) is one of many aspects of that. My favorite example: Clients forcing copywriters to use AI, then use software to make it so that AI generated copy doesn’t look like it was AI generated (or, they make them use the software even if they don’t use AI) so clients don’t accuse them of using AI... even as they use AI. Yes, this is a thing, going by what I've been shown, people have sent me, etc. Personally, I find it amusing. It’s become the ultimate circus with everyone playing the clown honking horns at each other, trying to be the loudest honker, as more and more horn honking clowns join the fray. Finally: One other thing I definitely agree with Bob on, and that I warn people about who go through Client-less Copywriter is, it probably won't make them better copywriters like writing for a variety of niches/industries/offers will. That is why I would not trade my client experiences, even the bad ones, for anything. But I was doing it during a more sane times. And that is why I also have no problem saying I predict the ever-growing list of clients insisting on the copywriters using so-called AI are only going to make people who love copywriting for the craft and serving customers (not just pushing more and more offers on them for metrics sake) know they can do better go "client-less" anyway. Frustration is a powerful motivator. If that’s you, then you might as well at least look into it to see. On that note: Client-less Copywriter is on sale until tonight (Friday 7/11) at midnight EDT. And it’s the exact framework I used to go from being a freelance licking client boots to being my own client, running my own show, and having a helluva lot more fun & being able to write the copy I want vs being forced to filter everything through a committee of chuckleheads who all contradicted each other, screwed up the copy, thought they could point the finger at me if something went wrong. I can only imagine how frustrating this is now during the “AI” gold rush. Whatever the case: Client-less Copywriter is on sale today. And you can read more about it right here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/clientless Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA