# What is this piece of crap?

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 20 Jun 2025 11:44:47 +0000
**ID:** 1978d295ecb447e1
---

Let me tell you a story. Many, many years ago… (2003 or 2004) I was a subscriber to the great John Carlton’s Marketing Rebel Rant newsletter. And he told a story in a sales letter he included in one of the issues about when, in the late 80’s, he signed on to work with Gary Halbert. His first job for Gary was to write a diet promotion for one of Gary’s new clients. So he gathered all his notes and sally-forthed off into the night to write the ad. He said he slaved over that ad. He was, after all, trying to impress Gary Halbert, who did not suffer fools gladly. So finally, near exhaustion, John finished the ad and took it to Gary. There were a couple other people in the room with Gary, but Gary stopped talking to them and started reading the letter. John said the office went “deathly quiet” as Gary read it. At some point, Gary looked up, frowned, then threw the ad across the desk at John and growled: “What the hell is this? Re-write this piece of crap, and put some frigging empathy into it!” Not exactly the reaction he expected. So what happened next? John said he then wrote 16 MORE drafts of that ad, each draft completely different than the one before it, with the 15th version being the worst, and the final version being pure gold. And that was the crucial moment where he learned to tap into his own “inner editor” that changed the trajectory of not only his copywriting career and business, but his entire approach to the craft. Anyway, here’s why I bring this up: I recently thought about this when talking to my pal Shane Hunter about so-called AI. Specifically, the word: “Empathy” In Shane’s case, he has been doing some fascinating experiments with so-called AI, and has been for many years, LONG before it became a grifter's wet dream when our mutual pal the late Jim Yaghi walked the earth, and they used to experiment with it. When Shane officially launches his agency, I suspect his clients will be amongst the few using the tool beyond a glorified swipe file & content spinner. In this case: He's been asking so-called AI various questions for a project he's working on. And the most amusing part of the research he showed me was asking it a lot of questions about its ability to experience personal emotions or, really, 'experience' anything, for that matter. And so-called AI admitted to him in multiple different ways that it has none, and is basically just a (it’s exact words) “super calculator.” No shyt, Sherlock. I and others have been saying that for a while, and has gotten me argued with, scoffed at, and of course trolled by broke anons who walk around holding their digital girlfriends’ hands as "not knowing what it really is, bro." Well, it ain't just me saying it is just like a glorified calculator, Romeo. So-called AI literally admits it, too. I'd like to think that settles the matter with the “AI-as-copywriting-god” schlubs. But as Shane put it: "Just remember, most people arguing are substantially less aware than these advanced calculators." Indeed. Anyway, I don’t know where else I am going with this. But the lessons are many, and those who will apply them are few. And as far as copywriting goes? That’s where my Copywriting Salesliloquies: Vol 1 book comes in. This book includes the June 2020, February 2021, June 2021, & May 2022 Email Players issues which were all about copywriting. Plus, it also includes the transcripts of a couple intense line-by-line sales letter analyses (for my Subscription Biz & Social Lair book offers) I did for our $499/month Profit Pirates coaching clients. Lots of stuff I either couldn’t fit into my Copy Slacker book (already 800+ pages). Or stuff I learned since writing Copy Slacker. And before you even ask: No, you do NOT need Copy Slacker to learn from the info in this book. If anything, it serves as a nifty “prequel” (or sequel if you already possess it) to my Copy Slacker book you can learn from regardless of your experience, knowledge, or skill level now. It’s also on sale at a fat discount until tonight, Friday June 20 at midnight, EDT. That doesn't leave you much time. Simply do this: 1. Go to the URL below 2. Read the letter carefully to make an informed purchase 3. Use code WILLIS at the checkout (Make sure you see the price change before entering your info) http://www.EmailPlayers.com/salesliloquies1 Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA