# The cruel tutelage of Ben Mei

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 16 Jul 2025 15:44:47 +0000
**ID:** 19813e91ba0e0bd3
---

Email Players subscriber Carlos Cruz once called out my abusive nature: === Hey, Ben. I hope you're doing well, or even fantastic. Have you ever considered that you're a modern version of Pai Mei? A kind hermit who's a master of his craft, has barriers to entry, doesn't open spots for disciples very often, and is ready to dismiss those who aren't worthy or ready to learn. Just a thought. Another thing that has been on my mind often in the last few weeks is that the world you created has an expanded version. You send us in various directions for exploration, to neighboring territories. Those of Matt Furey, Gary Bencivenga, Jim Camp, and many others. While consuming their content and visiting their worlds, it feels somehow that I'm still in your world, if it makes any sense. As many ideas and concepts are interlinked, it's like being in both planes at the same time. Feel free quote me anytime in any medium of your choice on this. I’m a big fan and a happy denizen of the world you've built. ==== True story: Many years ago I had a copywriting apprentice who I also happened to have been dating at the time. But alas... she did nothing I told her, rebelled at every opportunity, and I had to fire her. Most notably, she kept (1) giving advice away for free and (2) kept taking on rush jobs. Two things I expressly forbade her to do. So, she had to go back. Word around the campfire is, after we parted ways for good, she took to Facebook telling everyone I was too controlling, too demanding, too cruel... like the copywriting devil incarnate. And she was absolutely, 100%, no-question-about-it correct. I AM controlling, demanding... even cruel to those who SPURN my commands. Stefania will tell you all about how I brook no insubordination from those wanting to learn from me. I'm also quick to berate, badger, and shame if required - figuratively whacking people on the head with my righteous walking stick or forcing them to punch wooden posts until their knuckles are raw and they wake up in the middle of the night twitching and jabbing at the air as they sleep on the floor... while subsisting on nothing but rice. Yes! The mantra on Ben Mei's mountain is and always has been: "The beatings WILL continue until obedience improves" Being “nice” never helped anyone. It merely props up mediocrity, excuses, and sloppiness. That is why my "template" for how to do business is not some idiot mindset marketing goo-roo. It's the Soup Nazi. "Ben Mei" suffers for his business. How can he expect any less from those wanting to learn from him? Anyway, and so it goes. For more BENevolent abuse see my free Settleheads Facebook group: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/settleheads Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA