# How old timey day copywriters pre-tested ads without spending a dime

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 06 Sep 2025 01:45:34 +0000
**ID:** 1991cb4e8ad0cac6
---

A few years ago, one of my Email Players subscribers said he wanted to know more about how to write emails and sales copy in a way where it’s hard for people to tell they are even being “sold” until the very end, and then they feel they need to buy whatever it is you are selling. There are lots of ways to do this. And the old timey day copywriting masters had this practically down to a science. Especially the great Norman B. Norman. I doubt 1 in 1000 copywriters even know who he was. But I’ve been using one of his best copywriting tricks for well over 20 years now. I first heard of it in an interview Dan Kennedy did with Walter Bregman way back in 2003. (Do not ask me how to get that interview nowadays, I have no idea.) And in that interview, Mr. Bregman told a story about Norman B. Norman who invented a advertising methodology he used to call: “Knock-Knocks” This was based on how guys like that did market research. Which, incidentally, was door-to-door. In fact, some of these agencies were so fanatical about market research sometimes everyone from the executives and President of the company to even the secretary would have to take part in these door-to-door market research adventures. i.e., they wanted everyone to know the market. Maybe something to tuck away for next time you have a meeting with your VA. But back to the story: A Knock-Knock was a hypothetical where when they had a new client they’d ask themselves “If I was dropped in a neighborhood full of people who would be interested in a product like this, what would I say - cold, door-to-door - to not only get someone to not shoo me away, but practically yank me inside to tell them more?” That was the basic gist of it, and Walter used this as an example: Their ad agency got a client for a detergent. And someone at the lab said, in an off-hand remark: “This thing works just as good in cold water as it does in hot water.” Back then that was a big deal. They knew that because of all that door-to-door market research. And back in those days, the hot water recapture speeds were a lot slower, and that was an inherently fascinating sales appeal to housewives. Thus, the idea of being able to do the laundry for a family of 5 or whatever in way less time was appealing. Which is where the Knock-Knock came in. They could imagine knocking on the door and simply saying: “This works as well in cold water as hot water” She’d make the connection easily enough. And apparently, in that particular instance, sales were off the chart. The only problem was, it was not a very good product. And so they also set a new record for product recalls. Which is another lesson in and of itself... about selling a crap product with great advertising. The bad news? Door-to-door market research ain't practical anymore. Nobody wants strangers knocking on their doors, it's not expected, it's not welcome, and for the last couple decades people have been starting to "cocoon" as Faith Popcorn predicted, with crime rising, porch pirates rampant, and/or simply because they're becoming complete shut-ins who never answer the door (guilty as charged)... plus also because people tend to not like door-to-door intrusions, find it creepy, and may even pretend not to be home or whatever. The good news is: There are some ways to do it online. And a few years ago, I figured out a near perfect way to do it. It’s one of my best copywriting shortcuts for writing everything from headlines and stories, to emails, social media posts (if relevant), and other kinds of marketing that combine content with promotion - which is one of the most valuable skills anyone selling with direct marketing online or offline can and should learn, in my opinion. All is revealed inside: “Swipeocalypse” This giant-sized Email Players issue (in both page count and literal size) exists outside the normal continuity of the newsletter. And it teaches a way of “swiping” that not only works better than raiding a filing cabinet full of sales letters, scanning a folder of PDFs, or, worse using some silly so-called “AI” tool... but helps you get deep into the minds of those you wish to sell to to help crawl right into their very souls and potentially know what they want to buy and how to sell it to them. Get it by the Sunday, 9/7 deadline and you will also get: “The Email Players Swipe File: Volume 1” This is an 88-page swipe file of sales letters and ad inserts that were included in Email Players over its first 100+ issues. These are mostly short, “impulse” ads selling high-priced offers that have collectively helped pull quite a bit of dough, and that can be used as frameworks (not copy & paste) for your own emails, sales letters, and offers. NOTE: Swipeocalypse is physically shipped to you. But this bonus will be digitally sent via email when you order. A lil’ something to “tide” you over while waiting for Swipeocalypse. Here’s the link for more information: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/swipe Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA