# The “one little buckaroo” trick of history’s most prolific content creator

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 14 Nov 2025 13:44:51 +0000
**ID:** 19a829c9f79e57d2
---

A question about my speed content creation philosophy on YouTube: === What are your thoughts on applying this "more and faster content" philosophy to youtube? From what we can see people who post the most frequently on there are the ones who make the least views and money whereas the ones who take their sweet time and heavily balance it out with quality get way more views and money. So I guess the philosophy of daily contact with your audience wouldn't work as well there due to how the site works. What are your thoughts on it? === First, a caveat: I am not a “YouTube” guy. So I don’t keep up with its ever-changing rules, algorithms, and corrupt political/ideological biases… or play dodge ball with its censorship and de-platforming shenanigans. To rely on such a platform as anything other than supplementary (like we do with BerserkerMail’s and Low Stress Trading's YouTube channels) is a recipe for frustration. And, I would argue, it's also a horribly shoddy foundation to 100% rely upon for selling and/or distributing content. Personally, I don’t create any content based on algorithms. I don’t even create content based on clicks. I base it on… Relationships. That is the only “algorithm” I care about. I’d rather have ONE engaged person consuming my videos/audios/emails/books/other content than a million non-engaged peopled ignoring it. I write, record, and talk to/address one person, not a crowd. To one person, not a list. To one person, not even an audience even if I refer to it as such at times. When people go through my content I want them to feel like I’m communicating with them and them alone. This goes back to old school Mister Rogers - arguably history’s most prolific content creator - when he was told by an early influence of his that TV (video content) was all about talking to: “one little buckaroo” That is who he was talking to. He never sounded like he was talking to anyone but ONE person. And it added multiple thick layers of both humanity and influence to his content. I daresay he was the single most beloved and biggest “brand” of the 20th century - even bigger than Disney. Not financially, of course. Although I believe he could have been if he’d chosen to use his platform to be rich, merchandising it, advertising, etc). And even more popular than any single President or world leader... just going by sheer number of people and generations of people who loved and knew about him, and who still do. You think he made his show based on some fleeting rules or algorithms? No. He had the exact same format for 33 years. On a public supported channel. At a time of the day when most people were at work. Obviously, this does not lend itself to businesses who wrap their livelihood’s up in click-based monetization on a platform they don’t control, and clearly run by a company that has long ago abandoned caring about making a profit over serving a socio-political agenda above all else. Here are a couple more related thoughts: 1. With Congress trying to ban TikTok not all that long ago… I don't know what to tell all the online marketers who suddenly freaked out who had previously screwed around building a TikTok audience instead of an email list. Except, maybe don’t be shocked when big tech moves goal posts. Anyone who relies on a 3rd party platform is in the same boat. Yes, even if it’s a so-called “based” one like Twitter. It's not, in fact, it's worse for most businesses than when Jack Dorsey's cancel-happy CEO was running it. 2. Many years ago (on the old “Better Networker” site) my friend & computer scientist - the late Jim Yaghi - once showed people the foolishness of relying on soft metrics like clicks and views, etc. In this case: There were certain articles that got thousands of "shares." And he wrote about how dumb it was to base an article’s success or engagement levels on shares, which people assumed was the gold standard metric at the time. And he illustrated how dumb it was to care about shares by showing how almost all those popular articles got way less actual views than shares. i.e., nobody was reading them, they were just mindlessly forwarding them. So not much real "engagement" at all, was basically a glorified popularity contest. This was back in the 2010’s and that mentality has only gotten worse. Immoral of the story: Unless, I suppose, you get directly paid millions or whatever based on views alone, there is little reason to create content for clicks or opens or views or shares or anything you see so-called influencers obsessing over. None of those big accounts are direct response people, though, and are at risk of losing all that dough in a heartbeat. So I suggest creating content for the creation/expansion/fortification of the relationship with the person you are trying to reach/teach/help with your content, so they go wherever you go, to whatever platform or media you use. i.e., talk to that One Little Buckaroo. You don’t have to ignore all those other metrics. But to wrap your business around them is foolish. Instead: * Build/grow your email list. * Create content for that list. * Sell it to that list EVERY day (despite what some idiotic algorithm wants) * Sell those buyers something else. Focus on that and the rest should take care of itself. Then, if you want many more of my insights & experiences with content creation & monetization see my new “Count of Content” book that is on sale this week. It contains a lot of the most profitable content-creation & selling info I’ve ever used in my business - and I daresay many who read and apply the info can potentially experience a big uptick in engagement and sales using it. As for the details about the book: This nearly 250-page book primarily consists of the December 2021, July 2022, November 2022, October 2023, and this past April & May 2024 Email Players issues. So if you have all or some of those issues you will have to determine if you want to buy this book or not. It is also on sale until Sunday, 11/16 at midnight EST at a pleasantly plump discount off the price listed on the sales page. You can read about it here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/count NOTE: Use code DANTES at the checkout (where it says “Add Referral Code”) for the discount. And make sure you see the price change before buying. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA