# Dueling bat shyt crazy writers

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 22 Aug 2025 15:15:09 +0000
**ID:** 198d25ab68fa56ca
---

"What kind of guy without a drug or alcohol problem looks this way? Only a writer." A very apt line from the movie "Limitless". And it reminds me of the dueling quotes below about being bat shyt crazy when writing. 1. From the late Stan Lee back in 1975: He was promoting the book “Son of Origins of Marvel Comics” while being interviewed by Carole Hemingway at KABC-Talk Radio. They were back-and-forthing about some of Marvel’s odd and crazy titles. And Stan said something I believe every copywriter, content creator, marketer, and businessman should write down and perhaps even tattoo on the back of their hands to see when typing: "If anything is crazy enough and different enough, it has to become an incredible hit!" True, Mr. Lee. And I have found this to be especially true when writing emails and sales copy. 2. From the late A-list copywriter Gene Schwartz: During his famous talk to Phillips publishing he said something similar that, when I first heard it 21+ years ago, has never left my psyche, even to the point where I memorized it, refuse to forget it, and constantly remind myself of it: “Copywriters are crazy. And you want them crazy. They go for the big kill. And I would rather flop badly and succeed greatly than I would coming in with that little five percent boost.” There you go. Two writers whose writing have collectively helped lead to billions in sales. Both telling you to be crazy. And both also telling you not to hold back or play to not lose. This is, incidentally, one of the many reasons I stopped doing client work back in 2011. I could not stand how milquetoast clients were. Even the ones who claimed to not be wimps were, and in fact behaved like the most timid of woodland creatures. I can think of only one client in all that time who not only did not hold me back… but took what I did and made it even crazier. A client who, incidentally, I write about in next month’s September Email Players issue. Those were the most profitable ads of the bunch, too. I doubt that was a coincidence. Do what you want with this info, or do nothing with it. Either way, to join the free Settleheads Facebook group hit the jump below: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/settleheads Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA