# Bad news for anons already picking out their AI concubines

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 01 Jun 2025 22:45:23 +0000
**ID:** 1972dabe11085575
---

Something for the anons fantasizing about their AI-generated concubines: This past Friday “Email Players” subscriber Vance Morris sent me an article from a site called The Register by a guy named Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols with the title, “Some signs of AI model collapse begin to reveal themselves” I highly recommend reading it. No worries for the TikTok-brain’d folks - it’s merely 600 or so words and they won’t have to ask GROK to tell them what it means. It’s written in such a way where even they can follow along, next best thing to a cartoon with a bouncing ball over music lyrics. Anyway, back to the article: When reading it, BerserkerMail’s Chief Architect Pedro’s take on so-called AI came to mind, when he said: “AI is trained and normalized in aggregated human knowledge, the most pure average… And have you seen how stupid the average person is?” Freelancers worried about clients should take note of what Pedro said. That could easily be adapted into a headline for a copywriter who wants to only attract smart clients who aren't blindly invested in this technology which, by its own admission, is more like a super calculator and is not legit “intelligence.” As far as the article goes: It was about how so-called AI gradually loses accuracy, diversity, and reliability, until its errors compound on themselves to the point where it spits out pure fantasy. Including: “your kid's high school report to fake scientific research documents to the infamous Chicago Sun-Times best of summer feature, which included forthcoming novels that don't exist.” Now we're talkin'. There are already reports of lawyers getting in trouble and judges almost making case law on completely fabricated so-called AI data being produced. I suspect things will get really interesting when the FTC, run by a bureaucrats starved for revenue, start targeting anything that smells like AI to nail for deceptive advertising. Something else: Not long before Vance sent me the above article, my pal Shane Hunter - one of the few out there who uses so-called AI legitimately - tagged me in a Tweet he saw doom pilling for clout and engagement as all these people do now, about how everyone is going to be hit by a freight train soon by AI, etc - with 100s of terminally online sycophants chiming in. The irony: Everyone was parroting the exact shtick from over 2 years ago when I first got back on Twitter. Two years later? People are still citing the marketing being fed to them by those selling it. More: You can usually tell something is being pushed by dumb money investors and clout chasers who want to say they "called it!" when all they have is appeals to authority and nothing else, no specifics, pointing only, at best, to anecdotal examples used for marketing purposes. It's not much different than someone trying to prove a health discovery that will totally help you lose 50 lbs without exercise and eating whatever you want by showing you the sales letter but no actual demonstration of the product proving it. For example: Last week a big account on Twitter said she couldn't understand how not everyone is buying the AI is going to come and take over shtick, don't care about it, don't believe it, and/or deliberately ignore it. Then instead of showing specifics, she appealed to: * What "scientists" and CEOs of the most important companies in the world say * What Elon Musk says * What the Pope and Obama have said In other words: The same people who were pushing masks & the fake vax and/or are financially invested in the FOMO. These CEOs and guys like Musk have a financial interest (i.e. funding interests from government and investors heavily invested) in the masses believing it all to be true, even as they ignore the holes in their own Narratives. As for the Pope? Who gives a shyt? And Obama? You mean the guy who bought property near the ocean while saying the seas were going to rise and there will be destruction due to so-called climate change? All the same liars and deceivers as before. And probably most of them the exact same mask & jab-pushers who have been wrong and/or deliberately lying to people are pushing the AI Narrative, which alone is enough to question it. "Give it two years, bro!" All right hoss, while we give it another two years, I will keep telling anyone who asks: Ignore ALL claims about AI during this mad dash phase it’s in. There is nothing new about this FOMO phenomenon that happens with any new technology. Eventually the dust settles, the dumb money investors move on or go bankrupt, scandals are exposed, lies revealed, and then, only after that, do the legit uses and applications come to light, with legislation created & enforced, gatekeeping installed, etc. We saw that with the internet, social media, crypto, and now so-called AI. All these have uses, obviously, but they attracted a lot of dumb money, got the attention of the government, are regulated and gate kept. You can't even show a skinny person in a weight loss ad on Facebook anymore, from what I hear. Crypto tax laws are such a gauntlet a lot of tax pros want nothing to do with it. And consumer protection firms and politicians are already calling for so-called AI to have its own labeling, gatekeeping, and added expenses. We haven’t even gotten to the big IP lawsuits yet but that'll be fun too. The AI model collapse in the above article is just one of many holes in the Narrative. And that’s why being dependent on it is a bad idea no matter how useful it is. You know, in some ways I don't want to say anything and just let my competition and my hordes' competitors keep dumbing themselves down with so-called AI, listening to goo-roos grifting off AI, and being evermore emotionally irrational about it all due to pure, unadulterated: FOMO. I highly suspect we will benefit enormously from the FOMO crowd. I also highly suspect those caught up in the cognitive dissonance will stay that way. At least, until the next thing comes... All right, one more thing, a bit of housekeeping: I ran a contest in the May Email Players issue for subscribers to guess which of the direct mail pieces we tested for Low Stress Trading won and why. I got a lot of people guessing, with a lot of good insights and thoughts, including some I hadn’t thought of. But only three people came close to guessing the “why” part. And even they missed it by a hair. Still, they came close enough where I am declaring them winners of the contest. So Fotis Chatz, Rick Ketchum, and Marko Jankovic: Come on down. Send me an email with your shipping address (it’s currently a slog to pull up that data as we work out logistics with the new cart - easier if you just send to me) and I will send you a copy of my new book not for sale anywhere: “The Zoe Tapes” You didn’t technically win. But you came dayem close. And certainly a lot closer than so-called AI ever could. I'm proud of you guys. For everyone else? I tend to talk a lot about so-called AI in the free Settleheads Facebook group here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/settleheads Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA