# creating "flesh & blood" offers

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 14 Dec 2025 16:45:17 +0000
**ID:** 19b1dc2213f3bb67
---

Some thoughts about business World-Building: When you study great World-Builders who engage in fiction such as guys like Jim Henson, Fred Rogers, Walt Disney, etc - there is a pattern where they don’t look at their characters as fictional characters. They look at them as real, live, flesh & blood people and/or creatures. With distinct personalities, unique backstories, agendas, motivations, hopes & dreams. I've been re-reading Disney's bio for probably the 5th time, and it was going into detail about how Walt approached Mickey Mouse this way. Jim Henson’s muppets were also real to him. Miss Piggy has an especially dark back story for a mere puppet). Fred Rogers’ (Mister Rogers) puppets were absolutely real to him, as well. In fact, in “It’s A Beautiful Day In The Neighborhood” (the Tom Hanks movie - surprisingly & refreshingly well-done and accurate for a Hollywood movie) there is a part where the main character Lloyd - a broken magazine expose writer, with a lot of inner demons haunting his tortured psyche - notices the director talking to the Daniel the Tiger puppet. And he asks Fred’s go-to guy Bill: LLOYD: Did she just talk to the puppet? BILL: Daniel isn’t just a puppet. Daniel is Fred. Fred is Daniel. This was eerily accurate to how Fred Rogers saw that particular puppet. Daniel the Tiger was Fred - his personality, feelings, insecurities, thought patterns, etc. Fred Rogers’ wife Joanne is even on record saying: “[Fred] did all the voices. But Daniel was the real Fred.” But really, all the puppets were aspects of Fred’s personality. Just like the Neighborhood of Make-Believe was embedded with Fred’s real world home where he grew up. This is one of the things that made him such an especially effective World-Builder. He built a true “World” that charmed 100s of millions of people over 30+ years because he saw his creations as real people, not just “puppets.” I suspect in a lot of cases they wrote themselves. And through those puppets Fred got away with saying things he couldn’t say as himself. This doesn’t just happen in fiction or on TV, it all can happen in your real-world business. And I don’t care if you sell info, services, physical offers, software, supplements, whatever. If you know what you’re doing, you can begin to tap into a lot of what Fred, Walt, Jim Henson, and other World-Builders have done in business and marketing to create a place people love to enter and don’t want to leave. A place where buying can become more of a routine than something you have to constantly coax, manipulate, and persuade people to do… to the point where, potentially, your customers & clients don’t even read all that carefully crafted sales copy, they just… Buy. Because they aren’t really buying your offer or service or whatever. In many ways they are not even buying “you.” They are, at the end of the day, buying a spot inside your World. This can change everything once you understand & experience it. But in order to understand it, you have to learn it. And in order to experience it, you have to do the work after you learn it. Enter my ParaSELL Universe book. It’s the focus of today’s 12-hour Seasons Emailings Sale. And it’s comprised of various Email Players issues I’ve written about World Building and a term I invented called “6G Marketing Warfare” - where selling, pitching, marketing, and promoting (directly or indirectly) can be done well before anyone sees an offer, or before a product is even created, with most of the selling being done by that company’s fans & customers (as well as its haters & trolls). And sometimes potentially without those customers even being aware of it by you using everyone and everything as a marketing media to sell with. Be sure to read the page of the sales letter carefully before buying. Especially the parts about which Email Players issues this book is comprised of. Anyway, this is easily the most expensive book I sell. But, if you buy it before tonight (Sunday 12/14) at midnight EST it’s yours at a 30% discount of the listed price on the sales page if you use the code below. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/parasell Use code ZOE at the checkout (where it says “add referral code”) for the discount, and make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle P.S. This book is made up almost entirely of these ten Email Players issues (October 2020, December 2020, April 2021, July 2021, September 2021, January 2023, February 2023, August 2023, September 2023, and November 2023) + the transcript of a private consult I did for one of my customers who wanted some help in how to think about World-Building specifically. So if you already possess any of the above issues, you’ll have to decide whether it is worth buying ParaSELL Universe or not. Please think carefully before purchasing, either way. This is a significant investment. And it should not be frivolously purchased. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA