# Horton hears a goo-roo

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 19 Sep 2025 01:45:04 +0000
**ID:** 1995fa583e9c78f7
---

Reader Horton T. has sticker shock: “You’re kidding on the price of the book, right?” He must be new around here. And his comment was useful, maybe even understandable, if that is the case. Because in my opinion, I believe when it comes to pricing, many online businesses would be better off ignoring the typical low-ball goo-roo theories everyone hears, and instead studying guys like the late Jim Straw who sold a 160-page eBook (pdf) for a fat $995, and to the tune of something like 12-15 copies per month, using just a PayPal account and with no money back guarantees. Another guy I recommend studying is Gene Simmons from KISS. Specifically, his book: “SEX MONEY KISS” And, even more specifically, this part: “[Gene’s book Kisstory] was not sold in bookstores (who would normally take fifty percent of the sale price) or through a distributor. There was no publishing house, which normally took the lion’s share of profits to split with. . .With more than 90,000 books sold to date Kisstory has made almost twelve million dollars. I went against the wisdom of the publishing world that said the marketplace wouldn’t bear a $158.95 book. I didn’t agree with my bandmates that it was too expensive and should cost somewhere around $50 or $75. I stubbornly stuck to the notion that it was never the price but only whether or not you got bang for your buck.” “Ben that’s all well and good! But HOW do I sell like that?” Admittedly, a lot of it has to do with non-copywriting functions. Like, for instance: Knowing your list and what they want, knowing how to communicate with your list in a way where they already want to read your emails and buy your offers, and constantly being in touch with (and, yes, selling to) your list, so you can feel and “interpret” what they want, how much they are willing to pay, what holds them back, and the list goes on. That’s why Gene Simmons' book commanded $158.95. (Nearly $300.00 in 2025’s money). And for a mere book about his band... with zero “benefits.” It’s also why Jim Straw pulled off selling a nearly $1,000.00 PDF eBook. And, yes, it’s how I am able to sell a mere 180-page physical, soft cover book like NOfluence (the book Horton was asking about, which is still on sale for just a little longer) for a bundle. It also doesn’t hurt that the legitimate retail value (i.e., what people have paid) of the combined Email Players issues and other content inside has sold for more than what the book costs. Speaking of which: The info inside the book is what I use myself to sell many high-priced offers. Including (and especially) my books & newsletter. It has several of what might be considered “subversive” ways of doing so to some. Although, really, this stuff has been around for 1,000s of years, and is not all that exotic or seckys, imo. All I’ve done is arrange the info in a way I think is accessible. As far as the details on the sale: During this week's sale (until tomorrow Friday, 9/19 at midnight EDT) you can have it at a $120.00 discount (so for $480.00 instead of $600.00) off the listed price at the link below. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/nofluence Use code AZRIEL at the checkout (where it says “add referral code” under the price) for the discount. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA