# Not reading these books is forbidden

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 13 Jul 2025 02:44:42 +0000
**ID:** 19801ac166337ac7
---

At least, it will be forbidden for Willis not to read them. If I could go back in time, I'd hand them to myself as a young man, too. Here they are: * The Circadian Code (Satchin Panda PhD): I am positive reading and following this book would have prevented a lot of stupid nagging health problems I and many others who grew up in the 80’s and 90’s have experienced since. Boomers too. But the boomers I know mostly don’t seem interested in anything that doesn’t come in a syringe or bottle. In many ways, this is the single most important & practical health book I’ve ever read. And I’ve read a lot of ‘em. * Be Useful (Arnold Schwartzzenklddjljdger): I normally don’t read “self-help” books. But after reading Dan Kennedy’s glowing review of this puppy I did one of my obligatory 10 times reads of it. And it is indeed brilliant outside of Arnold’s silly bragging about his own amusingly naive trust of our openly corrupt government and media. That, in a way, is a lesson embedded in the book that he probably did not intend to teach… * Sly Moves (Sylvester Stallone): The first part of the book alone is almost a perfect sales letter “template” in many ways, for reasons I think will be obvious to copywriters who have lots of real world experience writing ads. Believe it or not, a single SENTENCE in this book inspired not only an entire Email Players issue last year, but also nearly the entire funnel teaching (which is half the program) of my Client-less Copywriter program I promoted last week. Something else to think about with that: If I’d had so-called AI summarize the book instead of reading it (also ten times - probably more like 20 times by now), I’d have missed that sentence, as it really has nothing to do with anything else, and it absolutely would have been glossed over. Don’t bet against humanity when researching. You will lose. Yes, despite what your social media friends clown-honking on about so-called AI tell you. * Lead The Field (Earl Nightingale, not a “book” technically, but whatever): If teen me had been handed this program instead of a bunch of audio cassette tapes with a single one-hit-wonder good song on them, well, I think I’d have a business with many, many times more scope, influence, and impact. I will never know. But ol' Uncle Nightingale's work is that good, that important, and that practical. * The Boron Letters (Gary Halbert): The greatest direct marketing crib sheet you can find anywhere, for any price, in my opinion. The health advice is a bit outdated, and his opinion on the Bible is as nonsensical as his Y2K doom-pilling was (nobody is perfect). But the direct marketing and copywriting info is second to none and easily adapted to the internet. * The System Club Letters: I wrote about this just last week, so ditto what I said then. But I will just say I’ve read it well over 50 times, and still read it regularly. In fact, I'm due for another dip inside the book again next when I am done with the book I am currently reading. The depth in Ken's book is phenomenal. There are many more books I could add to this list. Only others I will add for now are my “Villains” books. To not include them would be undignified. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/villains Ben Settle P.S. The above is an Amazon US link. If you live outside the US you might have to manually search for them. Some people have gotten annoyed over the years when I link to them this way, and not list every country's amazon link. But I doubt that'll stop a guy like you now, would it? Simply type in "Ben Settle villains" in the search and they should show up. The titles are: + Persuasion Secrets of the World's Most Charismatic & Persuasive Villains + Supervillains of Persuasion + Villainous Weapons of Persuasion This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA