# How A Brazilian business genius profited from 30% hyper-inflation

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 08 Oct 2025 23:44:43 +0000
**ID:** 199c637d41ef22d1
---

If the idea of hyper-inflation freaks you out then this email might make you feel better. Here is why: Many years ago, when he was a young man full of piss & vinegar, my business partner in BerserkerMail and Low Stress Trading Troy Broussard was an exchange student living in Brazil. This was during the 1980’s when Brazil was being skinned alive by hyper-inflation - with rates hitting a high as 30% a month. Those are insane numbers. And during that insane time Troy watched his rich businessman “Brazilian father” (the head of the host family he was saying with) Benedito “Maximo” de Conçeicão put a fence around his family so that inflation did not effect them all that much. In fact, I think they might even have ended up profiting from it, from the way Troy tells the story. While everyone else was freaking out, Maximo was calm. His family was well-fed. And his and his children’s future bright, with money sound, and their outlook cheery. Yes, even as poverty and despair surrounded them from every direction. Now “fast forward” many years later. Troy had not had a chance to put Maximo’s wisdom to use due to the differences in currency logistics (Maximo's secret was based on how he leveraged foreign currencies) and the timing and the kind of businesses Troy had run. That is, until after literally almost dying during our BerserkerMail launch from work-related stress combined with crippling diabetes, heart problems (from which he recently had open heart surgery from, and almost died again, literally his heart was seizing up while walking around town with me and Stefania on my birthday just this last July - he was popping nitro glycerin pills after walking up a small hill...) , and near-paralyzing neck injury pain he suffered at the time. That is when he decided to learn how to trade. And his idea at the time was to find a less stressful way of doing business. Unfortunately, everything he tried was just as stressful (and in some cases even MORE stressful) than doing business as usual. I will write more about this soon, as it's one helluva story, to say the least. But for now: After a bunch of investing and trading (day trading, swing trading, crypto trading, etc) misadventures that were continuing to put his health even more at risk, he starting thinking about what Maximo did in hyper-inflationary Brazil to make a fortune, and he applied his “secret” to a much safer and low stress form of trading. Specifically, a very “direct marketer-friendly” way of doing options trading. A way, believe it or not, of trading options that had a nearly flawless 98% win rate, and that he could do in 1-2 hours per week in a way almost as simple and pleasant as checking his email most of the time. It was also so consistent that no matter how many trades he made, the results continued week in, and week out - even when the market pulled back. Since then, he’s done over 50,000 trades experimenting and dialing in his Framework. And yes, I said “framework” not “system.” It is not a system at all. It is just a different way of applying very sound logic with some very simplistic guidance. In other words: It’s not some trading "system" or hack where you need to stay off any big brother or other radars or that is some financial offer nonsense that won’t work later because everyone knows it and it’s too late. I once did some consulting with one of the biggest financial info publishing companies on the planet. And one of the copywriters there flat out admitted to me by the time they created and sold an offer about one of their “systems” it was already too late. Do what you want with that info, but I doubt it surprises anyone. Anyway, point is, there is no need to stay off the radar. And there is nothing to "hack." There is nothing even sneaky or “cool” about it, and it is totally evergreen. The fundamentals of it have literally been around since 300 B.C.! That means you can start to learn it today and it won't be old by the time you get through it. (Just in time to send you yet another magic offer...) Plus, if anything, the Framework is boring. So boring the biggest challenge people often have with it is trying to get creative with it, instead of just: 1. Opening your laptop or phone 2. Checking on some things and applying the framework Troy figured out 3. Going about your day and enjoying life Even seasoned traders are in awe at what Troy has figured out. Like, for example, the CMO of one of Agora Financial’s Legacy Research - Email Players subscriber Jon Alexander. He has quite literally basically seen it all. And he says he only trades this Framework and has taught his own children and wife how to do it. Here's what he says specifically about the Framework: “I was directly involved in selling $1.5 Billion in newsletters in the last 7 years alone. I’ve seen nearly every investing and trading method possible and Troy’s method is by far my favorite trading strategy because it truly gets results, week in and week out, unlike anything I’ve ever seen. I’ve tried to find flaws in the system, the methodology and the approach. And there are none. Perhaps its biggest flaw is that it’s so simple to learn, you are undoubtedly going to want to complicate it. Don’t. Its power lies in its simplicity and repeatable nature. Up markets, down markets, sideways markets, it just works” Anyway, so that’s the story behind Troy’s Low Stress Trading framework we sell. A framework that, yes, he coaches others on. In fact, he and I are doing a special live call tomorrow, along with our company's "Customer Advocate" (she personally calls every new client, makes sure they are taken care of, etc) and absolute superstar using the Framework Jenny Hendricks, showing how his method works. And, specifically, we are also going to talk about Troy's trading methodology from a purely business perspective. He is going to show everyone on the call how to use it to: * “Catch up” on your retirement and have peace of mind knowing there’s always enough there. * Expand your team and budget to grow your business faster and seize marketshare when the economy goes into full blown recession or even depression. * Offset your business expenses (rent, payroll, bonuses, marketing budget, retirement account, etc) so they can be essentially free. * Amass a war chest of cash to ride out unexpected lawsuits, lockdowns, taxes, or regulations. * Create a profit-sharing program-at no real expense to your business-that is so generous your best employees never want to even think of working for anyone else. It's going to be a fun time for those who attend. If you find this intriguing, then I got two links for you: Link #1: Is to sign up for tomorrow’s next live, free training on how Low Stress Trading works in “real time”, where I’ll be grilling Troy on what his trading framework looks like, see his bare nekid account, and ask questions, hold his feet to the fire, even outright badger him to prove he’s telling you the truth (you will be doing him a bonafide favor if you do - he WANTS you to try to stump him). Here’s that link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/options Tomorrow’s live training is at: 5:00 EDT / 4:00 CDT / 3:00 MDT / 2:00 PDT. If you end up buying the offer, use RefCode SETTLE to get a special bonus: Your pick of any ONE book listed in the P.S. below. It also has pertinent deadline and instructions for how to claim it. NOTE: This is the LAST time I will be selling Low Stress Trading with this free book offer at the current pricing. Next time you see me promote this the price will have doubled. So if you’re on the fence, keep that in mind. If you want to pay more later, that’s fine by us, of course. But giving you a heads up here that it will double. Link #2: Is to the Low Stress Trading TrustPilot reviews. I cannot legally vouch for any of the claims there, of course. And many are so surreal the three attorneys we hire telling us we can’t really use them as-is in our marketing, but you can read them independently on that site: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/lst/trust Not a fan of putting links to more than one site in an email. But it’s important you make an informed purchase not just for your sake, but because we don’t want people to just “buy” Low Stress Trading, we want people who are bought in to it. Finally: See the P.S. below for the bonus book list and deadline to claim it. Ben Settle P.S. To get a free copy of any one of the books below as a bonus you must: (1) buy Low Stress Trading via RefCode SETTLE at the checkout and (2) let me know which book from the list below BY the 10/10/25 at midnight EDT deadline. If you send me your book pick AFTER that it will be ignored. I hate “tail” in marketing in all its evil forms. So either let me know your book pick by the deadline or no book for you. Here is the list of books to choose from: * ParaSELL Universe * Markauteur * elBenbo Press * Affiliate Launch Copynomicon * Copy Slacker * List Swell * Email Client Horde * Social Lair * Copy Troll * Infotainment Jackpot * Brand Barbarian * Breakneck Content * NOfluence * Copy Salesliloquies * Count of Content To read more about a specific book below, Google is your friend. Again, to qualify for your free book you must (1) buy Low Stress Trading with RefCode SETTLE and (2) let me know your book pick BY the Friday 10/10/25 deadline. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA