# The amazing marketing secret of my Double Q sized man bewb bra

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 02 Dec 2025 16:45:18 +0000
**ID:** 19adff585ed6bcc1
---

There are two reliable, easily testable, and readily observable "truisms" about trolls who maliciously attack peoples’ businesses, brands, products, character, family, etc,. And those troll truisms are: 1. They are self loathing 2. They are self projecting The good news: If you know how to manipulate those two attributes to your advantage, your trolls, reply guys, snarky drive-by commenters, social media haters... can help put many extra sales in your business' ever-hungry little piggy bank. Like your own little Santa-style elves working tirelessly on your company's behalf, for your Cause. Take this magnificent specimen of troll below, for instance. Simply spectacular: ==== Goddamn you're the most obnoxious, preachy, self-bloviating info marketing chode there is. nobody gives a flying phuck about what social media channels you use or which you think you're holier than thou for thumbing your nose at. Your daily emails are 50% blather, 49.9% peddling useless crap and 0.1% value, the value being don't sell like ben settle. the positioning stephanie arroyo as a customer/partner when she's really your gf is also laughable. your insecurities come through crystal clear in all the preaching you do about how you're so much better than the average guy who you detest so much and have to continually tell us at every turn that you're better than. i'm giving serious consideration to buying all of your products and then digitally copying them and posting them on torrent sites. --signed, yours disappointed, a proud non-customer PS: i saw that video of you speaking at a conference where you referenced the chinese woman seinfeld episode. you call that value?! i was shocked by your man boobs quite frankly. i would have expected a guy who has 23 hours and 50 minutes leftover after work, takes so many walks (and who feels the need to brag about how much he walks) and does all that kung fu to not have such a creampuff physique. lemme guess, tomorrow's hot air of an email will be all about how you're so cool because you have saggy man man ovaries... === Absolutely magnificent valor. He checks both the above "troll-tell" boxes like a champ. In fact, based on his comments, I’d bet my non-existent Double Q-sized man bewb bra that: 1. He has man bewbs 2. Nobody listens to him (at home, work, whatever) and trolling is how he gets attention 3. He is a fatty and extremely insecure about his weight 4. Someone - as a kid, maybe - probably teased him about the above 5. He's emotionally damaged - as emotionally healthy people pursuing worthy goals in business and life simply don't write emails full of such silly incoherent thinking, self-projecting, and easily-debunked claims/assumptions My opinion is he's a good troll. And, if he keeps working hard at it? He could some day be a great one... Either way, I appreciate his help in assisting me sell my “Copy Troll” book with today’s 12-hour Seasons Emailings sale at at 25% discount off the listed price on the sales page. The sale ends tonight Tuesday, 12/2 at midnight EST. It’s all about how to profit from these amazing grunting trolls. And they can be some of the easiest (and fun) sales you ever make. Details here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/troll Use code BEWBS at the checkout for the discount (where it says “Add Referral Code”), and make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle P.S. Envy-driven trolls should be grateful I merely advocate profiting from them. Machiavelli & Moses on the other hand: === To conquer such envy, there is no other remedy than the death of those who feel it, and when fortune is so favourable to a man of exceptional ability that he dies in a normal fashion, he becomes illustrious without scandal from the moment that, without any obstacle or harm, he can demonstrate his exceptional skill. But when he does not have such good fortune, he must think about every means of removing the envious from his path, and before he does anything else, he needs to adopt methods that will overcome this difficulty. Anyone who reads the Bible intelligently will see that, in order to advance his laws and his institutions, Moses was forced to kill countless men, who were moved to oppose his plans by nothing more than envy. === To deal with trolls safely & humanely (and profitably) go here instead: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/troll This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA