# The affinity marketing secret they snuck inside the new Superman movie

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 29 Jul 2025 23:44:56 +0000
**ID:** 1985893327ccccd3
---

First, an admission: I have not seen the new Superman movie. I am not particularly a fan of James "pedo tweeter" Gunn and his bizarre daddy issues he injects into lots of his films. I am also not overly fond of his own obsessive fans - who either forgot about the guy’s disturbing tweets detailing how much fun he has raping little boys or else just don’t care. Either way, I want nothing to do with it. But, that said: One thing they did right with the movie in my humble, fanboy, opinion... is include Krypto the super dog. The trailers showing him were great, as was the poster of Superman just sitting there with the dog (any dog owner can relate). And when I heard that interest in adopting dogs skyrocketed direct due to the movie, I had to begrudgingly tip my Email Players cap to the marketing guys. That dog tapped into an extremely powerful “force” of persuasion. A force that has probably sold untold billions of products and offers. A force I first learned almost 25 years ago in the great Dan Kennedy’s original Magnetic Marketing course (when it was audio cassette tapes - did not even so much as mention the internet) called “Affinity Marketing.” This is one of those things you probably don’t see the latest AI-obsessed prompt fondler nattering on about workflows talk about, because he doesn’t understand it, and I would argue is incapable of understanding it. This is where people buy from those they have an “affinity” for something with. In the Superman movie’s case, it’s dog owners or would-be dog owners. Credit card companies have used it for decades. Take a credit card branded with a baseball team, for example. A fan of the White Sox, is FAR more likely to use a credit card branded with the White Sox than if it had no brand on it - no "affinity" - at all. Many big companies use this force to their advantage. Not just with credit cards, but in all kinds of ways. And, so have I, recently. Most notably in my Zoe Tapes book. That book is not for sale, and something I only give as premium for certain offers. But it taps into the same kind of affinity marketing the new Superman movie did with Krypto the super dog. There are dog owners who have read that book and told me they literally cried at some of the stories inside about my late dog Zoe. You cannot “prompt” that reaction. It can only come from creating content from a place of pain, joy, melancholy, nostalgia, regret, sentimentality, shared experiences, and the list goes on. And now that you understand what this force of persuasion is, you need only start thinking of ways to use it in your own marketing, sales copy, advertising, and, yes, designs. Enter the 14-year milestone Email Players anniversary issue next month. I don’t talk about affinity marketing, specifically. After all, I just taught it here - no need to, it’s as simple as it sounds. But I do show the cover to my Zoe Tapes book, the inspiration for it (which is based on a meme of all things), and what I sent to the great Dan Kennedy about the idea behind the cover before it was even created, which he basically gave two thumbs up on. This is a demonstration of affinity marketing unto itself. Mr. Kennedy is NOT the sentimental type from what I can tell. He is the professor of harsh reality. And his long time friend, Email Players subscriber Ken McCarthy, described him specifically as “unsentimental” in his System Club Letters book. Well, guess what? We have an “affinity” for our lost beloved dogs. And so he was quite pleased with the idea behind the design, and said he really enjoyed getting it when I sent him a copy when we first “met” on a zoom call while being interviewed by Email Players subscriber Kia Arian. I say all this so you see the potential power at your fingertips with affinitly marketing. It’s not “about” dogs. If that is what you are getting from this then I have failed you. Probably you use so-called AI and watch TikTok videos. If that is the case, put this on the shelf, revisit, think about it, and apply when it makes sense. Okay, speaking of Affinity Marketing... I’m also including a 60+ page bonus with this 14-year anniversary issue: “Email Players Annual #4: After School Special” This oversized (literally - in both size and page count) Annual issue bonus exists outside the normal continuity of the newsletter. And I wrote it to commemorate the newsletter’s 14-year anniversary. And it’s written as a long letter “to” Willis in case I up and join the choir invisible before he comes of age to teach it it to him - with all the most important business, marketing, money/finance, health, and relationship info I want him to know. Many with children will have an “affinity” for this by default. And I spent more time on this than I have some of my full-length books. I won’t say this is the “best” writing I’ve ever done but it’s certainly the most important. You can read more about it in the PS below if you want. Otherwise - the deadline to get in on time is when I send the list to the printer soon. By “soon” I mean in two short days. After that? Too late. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com NOTE: I do NOT ship to Indonesia, China, India, Ukraine, Russia, the Philippines, Thailand, Japan, or Africa. Current Email Players subscribers are “Grandfathered” in, of course. Ben Settle P.S. Here’s some of the info inside the bonus Email Players Annual #4: After School Special I am gifting to Email Players subscribers next month: * What to do to your light bulbs that can not only help you get better, deeper, and more restful sleep… but also wake up more energetic, alert, and ready to “do battle” in the morning. * An “under-the-radar” (they don’t exactly teach in business school) trick used by some of the greatest leaders, politicians, and businessmen in history to help get people to cheerfully want to throw new business, opportunities, and cash flow at you. * The #1 trick for falling asleep almost as soon as your head hits the pillow - yes, even if you toss, turn, and stare at the ceiling wide awake each night now! * Money advice inspired by an eccentric golf guru I’ve used for nearly two decades to stay out of debt, buy ownership in multiple businesses with cash, and enjoy a lot more financial peace of mind in today’s volatile economy. * A cash flow technique pioneered by the late businessman Earl Nightingale that can potentially help you escape nearly any kind of financial emergency - especially when you’re desperate, terrified, and the “wolves” at your door demanding to be paid NOW. * A secret way to use an ordinary smart phone to help optimize your blood sugar, circulation, calorie burn, ability to fight off being sick, and have healthier joints, bones, mood, stress levels, and more. * The sleepy, under-known precious metal (NOT gold, silver, copper, platinum, or any of the “usual suspects” you see talked about) that’s by far the most valuable asset you can have in a SHTF (shit-hits-the-fan) economic or even Mad Max-style societal collapse. * Speaking of SHTF scenarios: a simple question you can ask someone to know, potentially with almost 99% certainty, if someone is likely to sell you out. * What is likely THE single cheapest and most potent “pill” ever invented for good health & well being... that needs no prescription, and can probably be acquired nearly anywhere in the world (including countries with shabby healthcare or even no healthcare to speak of.) * A clever strategy used by the banking industry for getting money from people who have none while offering them nothing in return. * How throwing away your sunglasses can be almost like working bona fide miracles on your hormones, energy levels, and mood. All right, so be it. If you want in on time for the milestone 14-year anniversary Email Players issue plus a free copy of Email Players Annual #4: After School Special then scroll back up to the URL, note the list of banned countries, and follow the instructions while you still can. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA