# How to get one of my ridiculously expensive books free

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 06 Oct 2025 11:44:48 +0000
**ID:** 199b958012813a78
---

The short answer: Purchase our Low Stress Trading offer using my RefCode SETTLE via the link below before Friday 10/10 at midnight EDT. Do that and I will send you a copy of any one of my books listed in The “P.S. below by following the simple instructions and deadline below. Also, we’re doing a live training about it today. Plus, we got a special guest: I asked former Agora Financial CMO (of their Legacy Research division) and Email Players subscriber Jon Alexander - who was directly involved with selling $1.5 billion in newsletters - about why he uses our Framework in his own trading and what it’s done for him. Here's what he says about the trading Framework: “I was the CMO of the #1 Agora Financial Business - Legacy Research - directly involved in selling $1.5 Billion in newsletters in the last 7 years alone. I’ve seen nearly every investing and trading method possible and Troy’s method is by far my favorite trading strategy because it truly gets results, week in and week out, unlike anything I’ve ever seen. I’ve tried to find flaws in the system, the methodology and the approach. And there are none. Perhaps its biggest flaw is that it’s so simple to learn, you are undoubtedly going to want to complicate it. Don’t. Its power lies in its simplicity and repeatable nature. Up markets, down markets, sideways markets, it just works.” Anyway, I got two links if this is of interest to you. Link #1: Is to sign up for today’s live, free training on how Low Stress Trading works in “real time”, where I’ll be grilling both Jon Alexander and the brainchild behind the trading framework Troy Broussard on what this all looks like, and can potentially look like for you. You can see Troy's bare nekid account. Ask any questions you want. And, yes, hold his feet to the fire - even outright badger him about it to force him to prove he’s telling you the truth (you will be doing him a bonafide favor if you do - he WANTS you to try to stump him, I think he gets a thrill out of it). Here’s that link to register for today's call (at the very top of the page): https://www.EmailPlayers.com/options Today's live training is at: 5:00 EDT / 4:00 CDT / 3:00 MDT / 2:00 PDT. If you end up buying the offer, you must use RefCode SETTLE to get the bonus book Link #2: Is to the Low Stress Trading TrustPilot reviews. I cannot legally vouch for any of the claims there, of course. And many are so surreal the three attorneys we hire telling us we can’t really use them as-is in our marketing, but you can read them independently on that site: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/lst/trust Not a fan of putting links to more than one site in an email. But it’s important you make an informed purchase not just for your sake, but because we don’t want people to just “buy” Low Stress Trading, we want people who are bought IN to it. Finally: This is he LAST time I will be selling Low Stress Trading bundled with this free book offer at this current pricing. Next time you see me promote this, the price will have doubled. One of the biggest objections people have with even trying this is, it’s TOO inexpensive for what they get, and they think it can’t possibly work the way we and the TrustPilot reviewers say. So what else is there to do but raise the price? Of course, if you want to pay more later, that’s fine by us. But I am giving you a heads up here that it will double. See the P.S. below for the bonus book list and deadline to claim it. Ben Settle P.S. To get a free copy of any one of the books below as a bonus you must: (1) buy Low Stress Trading via RefCode SETTLE at the checkout and (2) let me know which book from the list below BY the 10/10/25 at midnight EDT deadline. If you send me your book pick AFTER that it will be ignored. I hate “tail” in marketing in all its evil forms. So either let me know your book pick by the deadline or no book for you. Here is the list of books to choose from: * ParaSELL Universe * Markauteur * elBenbo Press * Affiliate Launch Copynomicon * Copy Slacker * List Swell * Email Client Horde * Social Lair * Copy Troll * Infotainment Jackpot * Brand Barbarian * Breakneck Content * NOfluence * Copy Salesliloquies * Count of Content To read more about a specific book above, Google is your friend. Again, to qualify for your free book you must (1) buy Low Stress Trading with RefCode SETTLE and (2) let me know your book pick BY the Friday 10/10/25 deadline. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA