# Why 80’s cartoon villains were the real business gurus

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 23 Aug 2025 13:15:04 +0000
**ID:** 198d712c3fddf560
---

“I used to think 80’s villains calling everybody fools was just them being evil. But then I became an adult and got a job with other adults, and now I completely understand.” So declared an amusing meme I saw floating around. Specifically, the meme showed some popular 80’s cartoon villains faces - including Cobra Commander, Megatron, and Skeletor. And it got me to thinking about how 80s cartoon villains are a major reason why my own business even exists at all. And it is likely why many others do, too, I would bet, from my generation. In my case: watching them as I came of age was the single best business edu-ma-cation a kid like me could ever have gotten back then pre-internet. Why? Because like all villains, they were: 1. Always proactive vs reactive 2. Had their own goals vs letting their enemies define their goals 3. Didn’t suffer fools gladly vs being nice/inclusive/accepting i.e., The villains were the opposite of the so-called good guys and heroes. All the “good guys” could do is wait around and react to whatever the villains did. And, thus, their only goal was to stop the goals of the villains. Plus, those so-called heroes not only suffered fools gladly, but were surrounded by them, put up with them, didn’t fire or exile or execute them, which often fuel the problems they were trying to solve created by the villains. I mean, how many times did Orko do something stupid that only worked in Skeletor's favor? Whatever the case: If you are intrigued with this topic of villains & success then see my Villains books. You can get the entire “trilogy” on Amazon if you want. Each book is short, deliberately written to be read in one sitting if you want, and unlike most of my books... are dirt cheap, and are in both physical or eBook format for your reading displeasure. I suggest starting with the first one: “Persuasion Secrets of the World’s Most Charismatic & Influential Villains” Then, if you liked that, get the sequel (Supervillains of Persuasion). And if you enjoyed that one too, then dig into the last one (Villainous Weapons of Persuasion). Next year I am keen on writing a 4th one, but we will see what happens with that when the time comes. To check out the trilogy go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/villains Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA