# The cash register never lies

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 03 Aug 2025 15:15:05 +0000
**ID:** 19870804b4e4747b
---

The question of the hour is asked: === I am relatively new to copywriting. Currently, I'm in the learning phase. And as beginner, I find myself reading all these emails from more experienced copywriters (suggested by an expert)... It surely give me a lot to learn and is valuable in many ways. But I end up spending a lot of time on that. What do you think about this? Should I be spending that much time on this? Were you doing the same in the beginning? === A few thoughts that came to mind as soon as I read this: 1. I miss the days when copywriting coaches and "mentors" were teaching fundamentals & craftsmanship instead of shilling so-called AI, trying to be the cool kid to zoomers like that Steve Buscemi meme of him in high school wearing the cap on backwards with the skateboard. Or, maybe, it's more accurate to compare them to Booger in Revenge of the Nerds out there saying how he's been combing the high schools all day looking for dates? 2. No idea who the expert is he mentioned. But I hope for the guy above's sake it is not someone running around offering to give his AI prompts and workflows free on Linkedin to anyone who replies to his posts. 3. As for what he should be spending his time on? Studying copywriting, practicing writing copy, and, yes, actually writing copy. All the time. In every spare moment. If you want to get not just good but great at something - you do it. And you keep doing it. And you become obsessed with it. Writers WRITE. The beauty of email is, you can start your own email list, create/find your own offers, and write to that list selling one of those offers every day, putting in the time, committing mistakes, making discoveries, and earning some scratch. The fapGPT fanboy mind cannot comprehend this. But do the above and you won’t have to wonder if you’re good or getting good. The cash register will tell you. A silent cash register that never rings means you’re either generating bad leads or selling an offer nobody wants or writing weak sales copy - or a combination of some or all of those three things. But that righteous cash register doesn’t lie - it will give you back exactly what you put into your business eventually. When the cash register starts ringing you make note of what you did. Then you do it again and see what happens. Assess. Keep writing, keep experimenting, keep moving forward. Forever. This game never ends until you end. So those are my thoughts on his question. I mostly only answer questions for Email Players subscribers. But sometimes I answer questions from randos like this email did. And often when I do, I do it in my free Settleheads Facebook group. If you want to join us there go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/settleheads Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA