# The evil twin book

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 16 Aug 2025 13:45:02 +0000
**ID:** 198b3216fafc3995
---

After Email Players subscriber Daniel Throssell did me a solid and wrote the introduction for my 8th Enoch Wars novel a few years ago, I gifted him my "Markauteur" book. After which he sent me this unsolicited testimonial: === I’ve just finished reading through Markauteur and wanted to tell you - my mind is BUZZING. I’ll be honest, I originally thought “Well, I already have my design and branding figured out, and it’s already super different from anyone else in the industry, so I don’t know how much I’m really going to learn from this.” I’m glad to report I was very wrong. I honestly don’t think any of your books has given me this many ideas except for maybe elBenbo Press. (Come to think of it … this book really had “elBenbo Press vibes” going on … it’s kinda like elBenbo Press’s evil design twin?) I was constantly writing notes as I went through it (I have my notebook open now, here are some I wrote down)… The idea that true auteurs have always surrounded themselves with the same teams and talent, this was an awesome insight Your customers should know at a single glance that something you created is YOURS. This reminded me of your ‘dirty milk’ test from Brand Barbarian but kind of a ‘design’ version of it The concept of the “Email Players cap”. I honestly never realised what you were doing with this and it immediately made me think of what I could do for my own brand Your advice on how to choose a photo for opt-in pages, I love it The way you explained how each of your covers can be “summed up” with one word - genius! Also: I usually hate reading ‘bonus interviews’, I feel like often they’re just padding … but I not only read these ones, but truly enjoyed them. Kia Arian in particular had some really cool things to say. Anyway, I have a HUGE list of action items I want to implement in my own business as a result, and I’m super excited to start on it. Thank you! === He's right about this: Markauteur is like elBenbo Press' "evil twin." They are opposite sides of the same coin in many ways - so if you bought and liked elBenbo Press, there's probably a very good chance you'll like Markauteur. The opposite is also true, as well, where if elBenbo Press bored you, then Markauteur will almost certainly bore you too. All right, on with the business: Tomorrow's the deadline to get Markauteur at this weekend’s sale price. Next step if you want it: 1. Read every single word at the URL below to make an informed purchase 2. Buy it before tomorrow, Sunday 8/17 at midnight EDT to get it at the discount. 3. Use code POMPOUS at the checkout (where it says "add referral code") (Make sure you see the price change before entering your info) Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/design Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA