# No need to doom pill about so-called AI

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 15 Jun 2025 12:39:46 +0000
**ID:** 197739a95cdcd3ba
---

Not long ago, the great Bob Bly wrote an email with the subject line: “What will you do when an AI replaces you?” And if memory serves… it had a lot of quotes from copywriters scared to death of fapGPT and other so-called AI tools replacing them. It also had a recent Bill Gates quote saying that within 10 years AI will replace many of us - and humans “won't be needed for most things.” My first thought was: “These guys should relax and try not to doom pill so much” Especially since the AI-as-destroyer-of-all-copywriters fan fiction propaganda Narrative is showing lots of cracks. More and more people/customers/markets are now looking for fake content and don't like it - including now even if it's not fake but they think it is. But many know fools gold when they see it and don’t tend to like it. I was reading about an author, for example, who recently was talking about how he’s using AI to help write his fiction, and saying the tech is already so good nobody will be able to tell, he's already been using it on them, etc… but then polled his audience if they’d like him to write his next novel using AI or not. Why even ask? If these guys really think nobody will know, it’s just a “tool” like a keyboard or computer, and it's so awesome as a way to write that nobody will never know the difference, and so no harm done, they ought to just do it instead of telling anyone. Another crack I have found especially amusing: The news story about the amount of energy needed to power so-called AI has OpenAI asking people to stop telling fapGPT 'thank you' due to the extra cumulative power it burns and tens of millions of dollars it costs. If so-called AI is no longer free or as inexpensive in the future, and is reserved for the few who want to pay through the nose for it, that's gonna put a damper on all these guys running around who can't write a sentence without using it. That dependence on it is already a problem that is also emerging, incidentally. Then there are the inevitable IP lawsuits which have barely even begun. Not to mention politicians & consumer rights orgs calling for AI-generated content to be labeled, etc. Plus, true craftsmen are historically difficult to fully replace anyway. Something else: A popular YA author Stefania was telling me about with a big platform and rabid readership recently got inundated with angry fans when they found out she used so-called AI to help write one of her novels. Ken McCarthy once told me (in an interview for my Copywriting Grab Bag eBook) that trust you build & grow with your audience is like a light switch. And if that switch gets turned off it can be impossible to turn it back on once the damage has been done. It's probably why some of these writers are polling their audiences about using it. i.e., covering their arses. It's almost like people aren't rational and make decisions based on emotions, so even if the writing was legitimately "better" using so-called AI, there will be lots of people who reject it if/when they find out, or if/when they assume, it ain't written by a human. I find it fascinating to observe it all. And I especially wonder how many writers with big audiences will keep using it if those audiences sniff out the fools gold vs the real thing and constantly call them on it, make it clear they don't want it... to the point where even content they write themselves is questioned, with nobody believing them. Time will tell, either way, and probably sooner rather than later. Then there are rich people. i.e., the ones Gary Halbert used to call: “Players with money” They don't like buying what normies do and want to be as far away from normies as they possibly can. And so I suspect they especially won't want 100% non-humans creating their products and services just because they like to know they got a novelty, not a commodity, like the normies do. As for ol “man bewbs Bill” Gates and his quote? After the jab and mask lies he helped spread he has about as much credibility as a carrot. Whatever the case: I don't pretend to see the future. And there is always some idiot reply guy who reads my musings on this topic who has already been so dumbed down by AI and TikTok brain they think my warning about the potential problems of a certain technology is the same as saying never to use or play with it. The all-or-nothing mentality of the AI bois is never not entertaining. They are literally breathing Reddit comments. But as I’ve said many times publicly to my list and privately: I believe the AI end game will be a lot more tame and a lot less dramatic than people think. With the tool being used intelligently by some, and wielded clumsily by most. Just like computers and even the internet itself, in a lot of ways. Still, I don’t expect freelance copywriters getting canned due to so-called AI to believe any of this. I mean, they didn’t listen to me by stubbornly insisting on being freelancers for clients in the first place vs also being their own clients, selling their own offers, to their own lists/customers, however they want. i.e., what I teach in my Client-less Copywriter program AWAI sells. Certainly my gaggle of trolls who literally worship AI as idol will balk. But nobody really cares what those terminally online dorklords think anyway. All right that’s enough for today. If you want to doom pill, that’s your business. If you want to worship so-called AI in the digital grove, complete with digital orgies with digitally-created girlfriends (already being done by AI nerds - eventually making the movie Weird Science more of a documentary, I predict), that’s also your business. One thing I believe will be useful whatever someone does is: “World-Building” I’ve been writing about this for well over 11 years and doing it for nearly 25 years, and teaching it publicly since at least 2014 - well before the crop of wannabes I see talking about it lately have, who have clearly never actually done it. I also have many books, Email Players newsletter issues, and other training about it. One of which is my (inexpensive) book on Amazon: “BizWorld” It does not mention so-called AI. But I can see AI being useful for this part of business building. Just not the way these anons hiding behind anime pfp’s approach it. But alas, that’s a topic for another time. To learn more about the book go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/bizworld Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA