# Ignore anyone who cold DMs you. It's listening to idiots.

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 11 Jun 2025 16:45:02 +0000
**ID:** 1975fe1df5b00009
---

So I advised an Email Players subscriber not too long ago. Specifically, when he told me about how he got got a DM from some reply guy saying, “you got to sell high ticket, bro, do you want 4 clients at $2500/mo, or 212 at $47/mo... high ticket is easier it's the way.” My subscriber should have ask the reply guy to Post Bizeek. Would have been amusing, if nothing else. Besides that, I have a couple rules of thumb that can serve anyone reading this well. First rule of thumb: Anyone who says “bro” when giving you business advice almost guaranteed has no clue what he’s talking about, parrots what he hears other guys like himself say, while chanting how that’s “the way.” These are the same dorks haunting my inbox evangelizing so-called AI in their quasi-religious appeals to goo-roos and what the corporate Narrative they’re enslaved to demands. Plus: Anyone truly successful selling online is not haunting DM’s. They are too busy growing their own operations to do cold prospecting like that. Only desperate people needing clients haunt DMs. That’s not only my opinion, it also happens to be a fact. It’s not even necessarily a bad thing, they got to do what they got to do. They just shouldn't think they have any marketing advice to offer. If they understood marketing, they wouldn’t be haunting DMs. Which brings me to my second rule of thumb: Ignore anyone who cold DMs you. It's listening to idiots. That’s all I got to say on that for the time being. I think it’s helpful to remind people of these things. It's also helpful to remind people that, when in doubt, just take your old Uncle Earl Nightingale’s advice: “When you’re not sure what to do, take a look around at what everyone else is doing, then do the opposite, and you’ll probably never make another mistake for as long as you live.” Truer advice has nary been spoken. I talk more about stuff like this in my free Settleheads Facebook group. More info on that here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/settleheads Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA