# How to get people to pay you to read your advertising

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 05 Nov 2025 03:44:57 +0000
**ID:** 19a521e2b15031cd
---

Once upon a midday dreary, “Email Players” subscriber Brian Kurtz had me on a webinar as a guest trainer. The subject: “How I run my print newsletter business” And I said something on the call I suspect rattled a few people. Probably shocked others. And very likely sounded really cool & exciting to yet a few more. What I am talking about is what the REAL purpose of a print newsletter is - whether it’s paid, free, monthly, or whatever frequency. And that purpose is… To sell your OTHER offers. (And/or sell your customer's name to other publishers so they can sell them offers.) That’s the entire purpose of selling any kind of most any monthly publication. I don’t care if we’re talking about $300/month newsletter today or a 10 cent comicbook in 1961. That doesn’t mean your content shouldn’t be valuable & worth far more than you charge. Everything you sell should to do that. But the magazine, comicbook, and tabloid industries have always done this. Comicbook writer Larry Hama - who practically single-handedly helped build G.I. Joe into the billion dollar brand it is today - once gave a great example of how many popular comics existed for the advertising, like the Vampirella comics, which were merely a vehicle to sell the publisher’s toy catalog via the ads inside it. (i.e., entertaining content “wrapped” around a catalog.) That was where the real money was. And the customers loved it, and loved buying from the ads. The point? There’s a whole other publishing "underworld" out there hidden in plain sight. If you’re paying attention, you’ll see it all around you. And if you’re smart, you’ll figure out how to model it for your own offers. More: This is also something I talk about inside my elBenbo’s Bargain Bin of Bonuses 4 offer that’s for sale his week. Specifically, in the “Stefania Files: Volume 5” training inside, we banter a little bit about how Vogue Magazine has historically “got away” with doing this in an especially obnoxious way. A way, I believe, more marketers could be inspired by. As for elBenbo’s Bargain Bin of Bonuses 4: This offer consists of a big pile of bonuses I’ve offered during various launches, sales, or affiliate campaigns that, collectively, would have meant putting out some $2,000+ to buy and/or be subscribed all the products/subscription offers associated with said bonuses. But, you can access all these bonuses for a mere... $20. That is, until Friday (11/7) at midnight EST. Anyway, here are the details if’n this interests you: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/bb4 NOTE: You'll need a smart phone or iPad to access the content. No exceptions. And it’ll have to be newer than when Steve Jobs still walked the earth. Ben Settle P.S. If you already have my mobile app be sure to order with the SAME email address you use to access the app now. If you don’t have my free mobile app, follow the simple instructions for downloading & accessing it you will get by email after ordering. If you have any questions from there let me know. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA