# Analysis from a master

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 31 Jul 2025 01:14:57 +0000
**ID:** 1985e0c2ef45013c
---

Last year the great Dan Kennedy did a mini analysis of my Markauteur book cover in a letter to his VIP’s. I'm not going to reprint his entire cover letter. His writing is proprietary and it was solely intended for his VIPs and I have seen his many sternly worded warnings about sharing his copyrighted work and respect it. So I will just extract the quotes about my book’s cover specifically. His comments are, as is usual for him, a “seminar” unto itself. They are also an example of how deep the marketing design rabbit hole can go. And I can’t imagine anyone reading the following snippets below to help (or at least be inspired to) create better and more profitable covers, graphics, websites, opt-in pages, software, membership site interfaces, even social media cover photos & pfps, whatever it is you’d need design for. All right, here goes: “First, closely examine its covers. They are very much like my ‘sets’ when I do Zoom presentations from my home office - they are busy. They are, therefore, interesting (not boring), and they are different from most (non-conforming).” “Ben is, as you will discover, ‘weird.’” “I confess that I have only begun watching Ben closely and corresponding with him fairly recently, my mistake. At this point, it is, bluntly, very rare to discover somebody I find intelligent, informed, interesting and inspiring, and that is how I would describe Ben Settle. “The book says a lot about what I call ‘Copy Cosmetics’… the ‘look’ of any selling or content media and of the test itself. Ben and I believe in non-uniform abnormal, eccentric ‘looks”. Most books look dull. And look the same as most other books.” “Ben has given all this a great deal of thought, and as he puts together his marketing and content media now, he continues to give it a lot of thought. He has a Theatrical Mind.” Anyway, Markauteur will be on sale next month for those interested. But as far as today goes: I simply present this as demonstration for the kind of info that is inside the milestone 14-year anniversary August Email Players issue which analyzes several of my business’ other marketing designs from book covers, to comicbook-style ad approach, to product naming (I consider the name of a product or service as “part” of its design), and the list goes on. But that ain’t all. I’m also including a 60+ page bonus with this 14-year anniversary issue: “Email Players Annual #4: After School Special” This oversized (literally - in both size and page count) Annual issue bonus exists outside the normal continuity of the newsletter. And I wrote it to commemorate the newsletter’s 14-year anniversary. And it’s written as a long letter “to” Willis in case I up and join the choir invisible before he comes of age to teach it it to him - with all the most important business, marketing, money/finance, health, and relationship info I want him to know. I spent more time on this than I have some of my full-length books. I won’t say this is the “best” writing I’ve ever done but it’s certainly the most important. You can read more about it in the PS below if you want. Otherwise - the deadline to get in on time is when I send the list to the printer soon. “Soon” being tomorrow. After that? Too late. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com NOTE: I do NOT ship to Indonesia, China, India, Ukraine, Russia, the Philippines, Thailand, Japan, or Africa. Current Email Players subscribers are “Grandfathered” in, of course. Ben Settle P.S. Here’s some of the info inside the bonus Email Players Annual #4: After School Special I am gifting to Email Players subscribers next month: * What to eat with every meal that can do wonders for helping optimize your blood sugar, energy levels, and body composition. * The ingenious “forever war” secret you can wage against your competition to (totally legally & ethically) steal the attention, engagement, and even the loyalty & respect of their customers. * The 8-point “get your balls back” protocol for if a woman you love & plan to spend the rest of your life with betrays you, leaves you, or even cheats, divorces, or goes ice cold on you for no reason whatsoever. * Why you should never under ANY circumstance trust your banker! * What a brilliant testosterone health expert & doctor teaches younger men for maximizing higher testosterone levels as you grow older. * How to find, attract, wrangle, and marry a loyal, “ride-or-die” woman. * The two-part way to banish self esteem problems I give young business men when it comes to marketing, copywriting, getting clients, and practically any other business challenges you struggle with. * How to keep your self respect & emotions in check when a woman rejects, ignores, ghosts, or (worse) manipulates and uses you just to get the attention of other men. * What social media “List Laundering” is and how to use it to ramp up your email response & sales. * The sneaky way (certain, very big social media accounts do) the famous movie director Frank Capra used to make himself into one of the richest and most celebrated brands of his time. All right, so be it. If you want in on time for the milestone 14-year anniversary Email Players issue plus a free copy of Email Players Annual #4: After School Special then scroll back up to the URL, note the list of banned countries, and follow the instructions while you still can. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA