# Boring headlines that made outrageous sales

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 04 Nov 2025 04:45:15 +0000
**ID:** 19a4d30d48e0a876
---

1. "How To Get Rich Slowly" 2. "Can India Stop China" 3. "5687 Ira Road, Bath, Ohio 44210" The advertising critics would say: "These all suck! There's no benefit! Who wants to get rich slowly? Who cares if India stops China! A mailing address as a headline? Are you kidding lol???" And - as usual - the advertising critics would be wrong. Here's why: The first headline was written by the great Gary Bencivenga - universally acknowledged by many as the world's greatest living copywriter. And, from what I heard, he had to push to get the client to run it. “Gary, who wants to get rich slow???” But, when it ran, I hear tell it pulled incredibly high numbers of sales. Far more than anyone would have thought, and ran for a long time. Ditto for the second headline. It was for a control written by the great A-list copywriter Doug D'Anna. And the third one that is just a mailing address? Well, I don't know if that was really the “headline." Because, you see, there was no real headline. Just a return address at the top right corner. But, it was one of the "most mailed" sales letters in human history written by the late, great Gary Halbert. Yes, it's true: One of the most mailed sales letters in history lacked a "killer" headline. Or, even a headline at all. BTW, some say the Wall Street Journal control ad mailed to more people (which I am dubious of, but no matter). But it just so happens that letter lacked a headline, too, other than the letterhead at the top. All of which reminds me of something else related to this. Specifically, the very first conversation I ever done had with the great Ken McCarthy (founding father of online marketing as we know it - to who both Google AND Facebook owe their business models to) exactly 20 years ago this month. He wanted to hire me to write an ad for one of his courses. And we started talking about how isn’t it funny how the best copywriters, at the top of their game, very often don’t write ads with screaming 50+ word headlines, packed with over the top benefits, making giant promises, and trying to bowl people over with sheer force of will and power? Instead, it’s more like a fascinating conversation between two people. Yes, there is drama. And excitement. And passion. But, if anything, these top tier boys and ghouls who wrote ads that launched entire industries and brought their clients multiple tens of millions of dollars in revenue tended to tone things down. For example: Once upon a time, the late, great A-list copywriter Clayton Makepeace interviewed the aforementioned great Gary Bencivenga. And they got to talking about using big, bold, promises in headlines. And Gary talked about a famous ad that ran for years his mentor (Dan Rosenthal) wrote with the headline: "Why The Price Of Silver May Rise Steeply" Not exactly a screaming or powerful headline is it? After all, ”may rise" doesn't sound nearly as strong or bold as “will rise.” That's what Gary thought, too, at the time. And so, they tested Gary’s “Why The Price Of Silver Will Rise Steeply” versus Mr. Rosenthal’s ”Why The Price Of Silver May Rise Steeply." The result: "May Rise Steeply" out-pulled "Will Rise Steeply" by 200%! Just another bit of nuance I doubt generative so-called “AI” would ever pick up on. Then again, anyone letting generative so-called AI write their sales copy has bigger problems, and probably should go haunt Reddit instead of my list. All right, so some copywriting food for thought. I talk a lot about copywriting in the elBenbo’s Bargain Bin of Bonuses 4 sale going on today where you can get your hot, eager paws on a pile of the bonuses I’ve offered during various launches, sales, or affiliate campaigns over the past couple years that, collectively, would have meant putting out some $2,000+ to buy and/or be subscribed all the products/subscription offers associated with said bonuses. But, you can access all these bonuses today for a mere... $20. That is, until Friday (11/7) at midnight EST. Anyway, here are the details if’n this interests you: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/bb4 NOTE: You'll need a smart phone or iPad to access the content. No exceptions. And it’ll have to be newer than when Steve Jobs still walked the earth. Ben Settle P.S. If you already have my mobile app be sure to order with the SAME email address you use to access the app now. If you don’t have my free mobile app, follow the simple instructions for downloading & accessing it you will get by email after ordering. If you have any questions from there let me know. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA