# Why I ganked a profitable membership site before the launch even ended

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 26 Oct 2025 12:45:23 +0000
**ID:** 19a208e995c07475
---

On Friday Daniel Throssell sent me an interview he did with the great Kevin Rogers and the great John Carlton. He sent it to me because they briefly talked about a perfectly profitable membership site with nearly 1,000 subscribers I launched back in 2016 on a Thursday... but then mercilessly killed the whole thing off before the launch was over that Sunday night. No warnings, no explanations, and no silly goo-roo “oops!” emails. I was already sick and tired of the dozens of helpdesk tickets being sent to me the first couple days during the launch, when the welcome emails and the membership site itself all clearly showed a specific helpdesk email and phone number. We put just shy of a 1,000 people in there before I pulled the plug. And my thought was not "oh wow look how great this is!", instead it was: “If it’s this frustrating at 1,000, what kind of nightmare will this be at 10,000?” We’ll never know because I shut that sucker down, and never looked back. But anyway, Daniel’s interview go me thinking about it again. And, as I told him after watching it: “That offer I shut down was why I wanted to help build Learnistic. If I'd had it on a mobile app, it would have worked great. I was using a website.” All of which is true. And Daniel, wisely, hosts his own subscription offer inside our Learnistic app, admitting: “Honestly having a mobile app has made my business so much easier in many ways. Actually in many ways it's like my business has been the beneficiary of things you learned and hated, and then either taught or created products to fix lol.” That’s my entire business model in a lot of ways. It’s totally backasswards and self-serving, in many ways. But it works for me, and so it is. As far as what Daniel said about how his business has been the beneficiary of things I learned and hated and then either taught or created products to fix them: There’s a ho’ lot of that sort of thing up inside the November Email Players issue. You can read more about specifically what’s inside in the P.S. down yonder. Or to subscribe before the deadline go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Some of the goodies waiting patiently for you inside the November Email Players issue include: * Exactly what I’d do to rapidly build & grow an email list today if starting from scratch. * A totally manipulative social dominance technique used by an infamous WW2 Supreme Commander to get what you want from people without having to say a single word. (Use on your clients, and watch what happens!) * What to offer your list if you want to monetize it but don’t yet have anything to sell or plug. * The dark, twisted, even outright demonic reason (Gary Halbert unearthed back in the 70’s or 80’s but hardly anyone knows about today) why so many people are fat. * Advice for protecting your IP from being used to “train” so-called AI with. * A clever way to use the mute button on a phone, zoom, or other call to generate insanely profitable headlines, subject lines, stories, bullets, and themes for your ads & emails. * A surprisingly fun & effective way to profit from bum marketers copying your emails. * 9 ways to make totally commoditized content & topics sound sexy, exciting, and even new. * How to “outwit” software that flags actual human content as “AI” content. * An old school accountant trick for pre-writing your emails 2, 3, 4, even 6 months out. * How to turn being dirt broke into a powerful asset and advantage in your business. * The Gene Schwartz prophecies: his eerie warning for copywriters using and/or relying upon so-called AI he predicted decades ago - before even the internet itself! * How to “summon” like a genie from a jug all the energy & excitement you need to sell in markets that bore you to death. (Example: I used this trick “on” myself in the female weight loss niche that I hated selling to... and converted over 40% of the opt-in list to buyers. That wasn’t a function of “copywriting” as much as using this technique inside.) * A neat little trick for knowing if you’ve really done have enough research or not for your copywriting projects. * Ways to potentially “side step” rotten economies, disruptive technology (like so-called AI), and even weird left turns in laws/rules/regulations and seize marketshare while everyone else is panicking. * An instant tip off to know if a goo-roo or so-called influencer you’re tempted to spend money with is full of crap or not. * A powerful technique (discovered by one of the wealthiest self-improvement authors who ever lived) for banishing indecision when you’re not getting the results you want, and don’t know who to trust or where to turn. * What the late, great Gary Halbert warned about with using so-called AI to write sales copy way back in 1995! * How to be the “Netflix” of your list/audience/market - where YOU be their self-medication... (not some podcast or TikTok channel)... where YOU be their entertainment (not TV or movies)... And where YOU be the one they “tune” into each day (not news sites or social media). * How to get far less resistance from clients constantly questioning everything you do or always fighting you on even so much as testing your ideas. * An ingenious little “cheat sheet” (I’ve used for years) for keeping yourself committed, focused, & disciplined when you have a thousand things/people/forces beyond your control always trying to distract you. * A simple strategy (I learned from the great A-list copywriter Bob Bly years ago) for quickly “sizing up” clients to determine if they’ll be a nightmare or a joy to work with. * My “if you’re gonna be stupid, you might as well be smart about it” advice to marketers who insist on selling so-called AI tools & offers. The deadline to subscribe in time is when I send the list to the printer. After that, the cart is turned off. And your ability to get this issue disappears. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA