# fapGPT predictions that still haven’t come true

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 25 Apr 2025 23:45:11 +0000
**ID:** 1966f58d8688c1ea
---

Let me tell you a story about fapGPT: A couple years ago when I returned to Twitter after a 4 year absence, everyone was yapping about AI this, and fapGPT that, and if you aren’t using so-called AI in your sales copy you’re going to be left behind, and a bunch of other nonsense many times most aggressively spread by people shilling offers about AI, from what I could tell. Well guess what? I hardly see any of these people singing that same tune anymore. Even the ones whose only reply whenever I questioned it was: “give it two years, bro.” It’s been two years, and if anything people using it sound less intelligent and coherent. The cold pitches I get that are AI-generated are especially inane. And a lot of guys who I saw piking it as the Second Coming of Copywriting then have given up on their predictions of becoming junior masters of the universe using fapGPT in all its glory. In fact, here's another story: Around that time I publicly asked, several times, for someone to show me just ONE example of competent AI-generated sales copy, even if it was “smoothed out” and edited after being generated, that didn’t read like a social awkward robot randomly cutting & pasting from multiple swipe file ads. I just assumed these guys knew something I don’t. And my assumption was wrong. In fact, only one person answered my request. I won’t name him, but he’s an Email Players subscriber and I don’t want to give up his “cover” — as he sent it to me in confidence, from a private membership site he probably was not supposed to share info from. And so it goes with my righteous Spy Network. Daddy has eyes on a lot of places he’s not supposed to… But here's what happened: He sent me a private email where he copied and pasted some AI-generated sales copy from this private membership site where copywriters were all fapping to AI. The offer was for dog owners. And it sounded like you’d expect machine-generated copy to sound: Awkward, choppy, totally not human. Whoever the guy was who shared it came clean to that at least, and said a good copywriter would have to smooth it out, etc. Just like I keep hearing other copywriters fapping into the AI sock saying, as well as email platforms all hopping in the AI game talking about. But back to the copy: It just listed a bunch of benefits, awkwardly, while trying to sound fancy and clever. But really, it sounded like Data from Star Trek reading off a bunch swipe file copy from random ads in the same niche, without context or depth or humanity, from his memory banks. That is the best description I can think of for it. Something else about this: I was quite connected to that market (the dog market) at the time, as I had just lost my own dog a couple months earlier after 15+ years having her, with her last year being extremely difficult watching her waste away day-by-day, cleaning up poops tracked all over since she was blind and walked in it, and the smell of “sickness” all over the downstairs wing of the house (which she had all to herself the last 9 months of her life). I spent several months trying like hell to give her as good a quality of life as I possibly could after giving me 15+ years of the best times I have ever had in my entire life, before putting her down. And I can tell you: That AI-generated copy sounded not just stupid and cold — but it had zero empathy. It was even borderline insulting in some ways. My Email Players subscriber showed me a few paragraphs from a discussion about the copy. And a lot of them thought it was “cool!” One guy said it made him cry about his dog. Which I call bull sheee-yat on. No real dog owner who loves their dog, has a bond with their dog, and has a strong relationship with their dog would think that copy was anything but nonsensical. And that is what I told my Email Players subscriber: it was “functionally” correct with benefits it'd cobbled together from God-knows-where, certain words dog owners use (although pointless due to being so awkwardly stated), no doubt pulled from dog related sources. But it was also clearly not written by a dog owner. Or, at least, not with one with more than a shallow, cartoonish relationship with his pet. And no “smoothing” it over would change that. Back when I would do “rewrites” of ads it was clear it was very rarely easy to “smooth” out shyt copy. It always required a total rewrite, as it goes beyond just the flow of the words and structure of the sentences and the benefits listed. In software, it's the same way, I have long been told. Trying to smooth out some inept developer's code is more work than just starting from scratch and doing it right from the start. Copywriting goes far beyond words and stacking benefits. It’s about relationships, connecting with another human, and solving that person’s problems. AI is just a tool — a machine — and a tool/machine cannot create a relationship with another human being for you any more than your calculator can help you create a relationship with an IRS agent having a bad day knocking on your door. AI is probably going to be a very powerful tool for some things. I use it for research purposes all the time, and have had some long and quite interesting “conversations” with Grok especially about bloodwork, health, fitness, and even an intense Bible study about an extremely controversial topic. But that AI won’t build, strengthen, or solidify relationships in a vacuum. It won’t solve serious customer service problems. It won’t conduct important negotiations where the stakes are high. And it won’t “write” copy that connects with people in a way only having humanity can. That’s my opinion. And you know what? So far I’ve been proven correct on this.. the number of people showing me their silly software notwithstanding since a couple days ago when I wrote about this topic. Anyway, as far as copywriting goes: The May Email Players issue is about my approach to the sales copy I wrote last year to for a direct mail project, which got 5x the industry average, from what I understand, at least. And nary did fapGPT or any other AI make an appearance. I did it the good, old fashioned way, in about 3 weeks (I wanted more time, but we had to race to get the mail pieces out well ahead of the 2024 election), yet it only took me about an hour to write both pieces. Most of the time was spent “sharpening the axe” so to speak, not chopping. If you’re interested in using direct mail to get email opt-ins this issue can help. Certainly the info helped us do just that, and we're gearing up to do another one in a few months. The deadline to subscriber is coming up soon though. So you if you want in on time, best make with the hustle & the bustle: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s a short glance at what’s inside the May issue: * The “dope head” phenomenon I believe all financial offer copywriters ought to know about. (Or, really, even if you’re not in the financial offer niche. It applies across the board.) * The plain vanilla (and totally boring) copywriting research approach explained in a single paragraph that can potentially let you know your prospects better than their own mothers! (In my experience so-called “AI” cannot even come close to duplicating this, Google searches can’t come close to emulating it, and your swipe file won’t even come close to matching how well doing this works if done right. It’s not “fun” but it is effective, which is why only the hardcore copywriters who read it will probably do it.) * How to make your business a “porcupine” (i.e., an unattractive & even painful target) for Big Brother if you write copy in a highly-regulated industry or niche. * How to give your prospects such an exciting buying experience they potentially almost can’t wait to get their credit card out and buy whatever you’re selling. * A secret way to “enlist” the help of your current customers to do a lot (maybe even all) of your selling for you. * A real life example of why it’s so stupid to blindly copy what winning ads supposedly “working now” look, feel, sound, and sell like. To subscribe in time for the May issue go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA