# My free Email Traders online community

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 09 Nov 2025 14:45:30 +0000
**ID:** 19a6915fbfd3656a
---

Soon I should have my Email Traders group set up inside the Low Stress Trading community. However, and this is important especially for those who skim but don’t read: it will ONLY be accessible to those who joined Low Stress Trading from one of my affiliate links over the past few years and nobody else. I probably will not talk much about trading in there though. Frankly, I'm not really all that qualified to. I have many daily back-and-forths with Troy Broussard who invented this trading framework that’s on the radars of everyone from a former Agora Financial CMO (Email Players subscriber Jon Alexander who was CMO of their biggest division - Legacy Research - and oversaw selling $1.5 billion in newsletters, and says he ONLY trades our framework, if that tells you something...) to Entrepreneur On Fire guy John Lee Dumas (who is even hosting an event for some of our most elite Low Stress Trading clients at his house this week) that nobody else is privy to. And Troy only shares with me because he knows me so well, and: 1. My limitations as a trader (very big) 2. My appetite for trading (not very big) 3. And my desire to not spend more than 10 minutes per week doing it (huge). You are NOT missing out on anything though as far as that goes. And certainly from me not talking much about that. There are just some things I "get away with" based on my attributes, preferences, peculiarities, proximity to Troy, and sometimes awkwardly back-asswards approach to life that most would not want to do, and should not want to do, and are certainly safer not doing and will probably be more successful at trading by not doing. i.e., What I do is not technically in the Low Stress Trading framework, yet it is still 100% Low Stress Trading. Will not explain because I don't really know how to explain it. I just "do" it and so I don't teach this stuff. Not even to my mom who joined, and keeps wanting me to help her. But I just keep telling her to contact our “customer advocate” Jenny Hendricks or Email Players subscriber Low “Low Stress Lindsay” Sewell, as they are both light years better at teaching it than me and have calls specifically for that for new members. They literally walk new members through their first trade if need be. I don’t know how we could possibly make it easier. As far as my new Email Traders community: Probably my shamelessly NON-inclusive Email Traders group inside the main Low Stress Trading community will be more about how I inter-mingle Low Stress Trading, my client-less lifestyle, and how I am becoming more of a trader who publishes books & newsletters vs being a book & newsletter publisher who trades. Incidentally: Low Stress Trading is officially closed down probably for the rest of the year to better onboard Email Players subscriber Tom Woods' boys & ghouls who came in this week, and the price will be double what it was when it opens back up. If you missed it, you're shyt out of luck, I'm afraid. I seriously don't know how most online marketers will survive what's coming without Low Stress Trading. Probably they won't. Most never really had much of a chance anyway though. Not even during good times. And the reason why is because they listen to selfie-obsessed goo-roos or basement dwelling social media anons who talk out of their asses instead of those teaching the boring fundamentals. But it's not like we haven't been obnoxiously promoting Low Stress Trading these last few years. So they got nobody to blame but themselves when the hammer drops. But back to the point: For those who bought Low Stress Trading from my affiliate link (not some inferior guy's affiliate link) over the past few years, I am just waiting for you to be imported into Email Traders. When that happens? Like my pal Pinhead (from Hellraiser) likes to tell his new arrivals: “I have such SIGHTS to show you...” On a totally separate note, if you’re not yet inside my free mobile app, and partaking of the 30+ hours of content inside, with more to come... you can get in here via your mobile device or iPad here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/app Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA