# Rebuking the 7 deadly sins in sales copy

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 27 Aug 2025 14:44:55 +0000
**ID:** 198ebfe20ccf67b9
---

One of the first copywriting lessons I ever done learned: “Appeal to the 7 deadly sins in your sales copy” i.e., wrath, greed, sloth, pride, lust, envy, and gluttony They go right after the feral-side of the human brain. And basically, you’re appealing to the weak, fleshly desires & fantasies in your ads of your prospects’ basest urges... in whatever context that means for whatever it is you’re selling, which then can create a ho’ bunch of desire for what you’re selling. BTW, I don’t knock that approach. If it works, all the power to it. But in my own case, for nearly 25 years of writing ads now, I can’t remember ever sitting down and thinking: “okay, now I’m going to work some Old Testament wrath in… then slap in some hog nasty gluttony… and top it off with some hot, steamy lust… with a pinch of biting envy, followed by some chest-pounding pride, battery acid-like envy, with a twist of sloth...” My whole approach, especially to headlines, is almost the exact opposite. And it has been for all the highest selling ads I’ve ever written. I remember many years ago (circa 2003) hearing Dan Kennedy at that year’s System Seminar talk about the “that’s for me!” reaction to an ad based on a commercial with the guy who played Kojack many years ago. And that stuck in my brain, so that when I sit down to write an ad or email - especially a headline - the only thing on my brain is to get that exact reaction from my ideal prospect: “Whatever this is about, sounds like it’s for me!” And then, every line after that, to get the same reaction. Sentence-by-sentence, paragraph-by-paragraph, page-by-page... until the sale. This means often not using ANY promises, benefits, or claims. It also means not giving a rat’s puckering bunghole about the 7 deadly sins, and instead of focusing on two other things that have nothing at-all to do with the 7 deadly sins - or, really, any sins. These two things I want in my headlines, or at least implied in my headlines... have nothing to do with anything you see talked about from someone pacing back and forth on stage, or prancing around the mastermind room, or writing in their courses/books/programs. What are these two headline elements I speak of? That, true believer, is explained in the September Email Players issue. If you want to get the “this is for me!” reaction these two elements can do it. But, a couple words of warning: Approaching headlines the way I teach up in the September issue will NOT make you popular amongst other copywriters. Now that the old school boys & ghouls whose copy helped build 8- and even 9-figure empires on the strength of their ads and headlines are mostly retired you don’t see this approach used much. And the newer crop I have seen - which, admittedly is not very many, I don’t pay attention to the copywriting community these days - seem like they’d be a too shallow in their thinking to understand it. Their brains are far too addled by fapGPT, click-bait, and goo-roo nonsense. They throw a bunch of turds against the wall, one turd beats another turd, and they just keep polishing that same turd with prompts and/or swipes - with no real thinking behind it, even as they say so-called AI is freeing up their time to think. Quite the irony indeed. And, secondly: If you’re a freelancer, you’ll probably have to fight to get your headlines tested. A lot of the highest-pulling ads I’ve seen would probably not be taken seriously today. Not because they wouldn’t work, but because most these days are out there writing or directing copywriters to write their ads and headlines with a marketing-first vs a MARKET-first approach. That was my case, at least. But, if you can get them run, I suspect the sales’ll make it more than worth it. That’s my opinion, at least. For more opinions on headlines specifically, see the September Email Players issue. I drill deep down the rabbit hole of headlines, including putting my cream of the crop ones going back over 20 years, on the hot seat, dissecting them, explaining the psychology & strategies behind them, and in a way where I believe other copywriters can extract, apply, and profit from for your own ads, emails, and other sales copy. To read about the specifics inside see the PS. Otherwise? Subscribe here while you still have a little time left before I send the list to the printer: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s a taste of what awaits you inside the September Email Players issue: * Sneaky psychological tactics I used to write the headline for one of the single most profitable sales letters ever run in the history of the self defense niche. * A headline secret used by the billionaire newspaper tycoon William Randolph Hearst (that John Caples also secretly used, too) that can help you exponentially amp up your ad or email readership, response, and, if you have a good offer... sales. * An ingenious way (used by certain, very savvy public speakers to seize a large room full of peoples’ attention) to write headlines for getting people to “lean in” to read your sales pitches. * An old timey day copywriter’s trick for pre-testing your headline’s power without showing it to anyone, without getting any critiques, and without guessing, wondering, or agonizing over it. * A surprisingly profitable headline technique from the movie “Citizen Kane” that can help even a rank amateur write headlines that stand out from anything else their prospect is being distracted by. * The headline trick of a kooky old newspaper space ad genius (who once got jailed for his writing!) for making your ads stand out head & shoulders from practically anything else on the internet, the inbox, social media, or anywhere else. * An example of how to write “bad ass” headlines - where prospects literally might think, “what a bad ass!” and have a hard time not reading the rest of your copy just to see what it’s about. (This won’t lend itself to every ad you write, and your milage may vary - but every time I do it never seems to fail.) * The strange (but 100% proven) secret for getting a higher response to your ads... by deliberately NOT going through the product or using the service you’re selling. (I doubt even a single copywriting “guru” will approve of this - but I have done it many times, including in a recent direct mail test that got exceptionally hight response.) * Two “stealth” emotions (most copywriters don’t even realize ARE emotions... they’ve been so brainwashed by horse shyt) to wrench on in your headlines, subject lines, and content titles to help nab higher response & sales. * The best (and totally free) place I’ve ever used to get genuinely useful copywriting critiques. * A red flag that can help you almost instantly know if a chest-pounding copywriting goo-roo you want to learn or buy from is just talking out of his arse. * A word-for-word email one of my all-time favorite copywriters (who has gotten “fan mail” from guys like Dan Kennedy and Gary Bencivenga, if that tells you something) sent me about how to knock out headlines that can double, triple, maybe even quadruple your response. (I DEFY anyone - newbie or seasoned pro - to read what he said and not write far more profitable headlines the very first time you use it.) * Psychological “triggers” that can help make it almost neurologically impossible to ignore your headlines - even when competing against 1,000+ other click-bait headlines fighting for your prospect’s attention. . * The shrewd “anti-NLP” headline secret (used by both David Ogilvy and Gary Halbert) for helping you get near instant focus from prospects reading your ads or emails. * How Mel Martin (the “King of Fascinations” whose alter many of the best A-list direct mail copywriters who ever lived have worshipped at) penned some of the most insanely profitable headlines in copywriting history - and often without using promises, claims, benefits, or any silly “click-bait”-like appeals. * NON-legal advice (let the record show, Your Honor) for health offer copywriters who want to write headlines that work like gangbusters while also helping keep your ads off Big Brother’s radar. * A clever way to use Facebook to help you see if a headline idea has any “legs” without spending any money or running any ads on there. * One of simplest and most effective “pattern interrupts” you can use in advertising headlines right now. (Not just sales letter headlines, but email subject lines, article titles, book titles, and more.) * How to shut the yap of the Doubting Thomas in every prospect’s brain - who’s whispering in his ear, trying to determine if he should read the rest of your ad or not. * What I learned about writing headlines after a short (and private - not recorded) conversation with one of the greatest A-list copywriters who ever lived. * The “feral” headline secret that can help make plain vanilla offers sound more exciting and exotic. * A neat little trick you can use in your headlines that is nearly guaranteed to get more attention & possibly response - even from prospect’s who would otherwise ignore you! (This “thing” can also work wonders in other parts of your ads and emails, too - especially in subject lines, stories, offers, CTA’s, and bullets.) * Three words used in a LOT of sales copy and emails these days (I even have to catch and stop myself from using them at times) that are like “fed bait.” (I had to pay several thousand dollars in fees to an attorney to learn this bit I share inside.) Go ye here to subscribe to the paid Email Players newsletter before the deadline: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA