# Why the “AI economy” is a lie

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 28 Sep 2025 14:45:28 +0000
**ID:** 19990cafda9c27f5
---

Twitter account “Y Disassembler” shines a light on the media cockroaches: “There is no AI economy. It loses hundreds of billions of dollars and all gains are in speculative valuation. The only one making a profit is Nvidia, and it doesn’t make anything. It resells Taiwanese chips to companies that use them to lose money.” You don't even have to dig far to see the above is true. Frankly, the money laundering going on is so obvious it's literally an open joke. But the government is benefiting from it, too, and so I doubt they'll interfere. In fact, I'd argue they need to keep propping up what Shifty the Accountant in the backroom is doing, and will do whatever they can to keep the game going as long as possible. This all sounds fringe to the terminally online who stroke their pic of Sam Altman before bed each night. But I'm far from the only one to be noticing this. I am also far from the only one aggressively preparing for when the hammer drops. In my case (and a growing number of other boys & ghouls from my World) via our Low Stress Trading methodology, which I will talk more about next month. But when the jig is up I would bet green money it will make the dot com bust look like a bull market run. But speaking of Low Stress Trading: Beyond the trading strategy our company teaches, it’s also the single most surreally profitable business model I’ve ever been a part of - both directly or when dealing with clients. I have had some clients who did insane numbers. But none of them could hold a candle to what this company is about to do, in my estimation, and it has very little to do with the usual suspect reasons. For this company it’s all about the Sociological marketing format. In other words: We do not worship or chase metrics, what’s working now, or jargon. That’s all majoring in the minors. What we do, and have been doing to, for example do something like 400% growth (probably more, I can’t even keep up at this pace) over just the last year, not to mention the first two years of the company’s existence is not based on the typical direct marketing psychological approach. We don’t obsess over spreadsheets. Or soft metrics like open rates, click rates, opt-in rates, etc. Other than ROI - especially with cold ads obviously - we don’t pay much attention to any metrics. Instead, we focus on what I talk about up inside the October Email Players issue where I walk your through how to apply a Sociological vs a typical psychological marketing approach to business. This is a term I invented many years ago to explain my own book & newsletter publishing business. Nobody was doing what I was at the time. In fact, none of my virtual “mentors” were even in the direct marketing business. Guys like Disney, Jobs, Fred Rogers, early Marvel Comics (when Stan Lee was building up the universe in the 60’s especially), George Lucas, Dr. Seuss, Tolkien, the late Arnold Murray and the others I mention inside the October issue as world class Sociological marketers did the opposite of your typical IM goo-roo burnout has no clue about. Anyway, I talk about this in far more depth in the October Email Players issue. Including how our Low Stress Trading company does an even more “pure” form of Sociological Marketing than my own book & newsletter publishing business that teaches it, if that tells you something. And insane, and I would argue surreal and almost unbelievable, growth we have been experiencing ain’t an accident. There are many other things it has going for it, too. But the Sociological FORMAT is what keeps those things glued together. All right, so you can read more about what’s inside in the P.S. below. There is quite a bit crammed into the October issue, to say the least. Easily one of the most valuable issues I've published in the newsletter's 14+ year run so far. To subscribe before the deadline in a couple days, go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s a look at what’s inside the October Email Players issue: * How using porn-o disgraced two of the most brilliant direct marketers who ever walked the face of the Earth. (You can still learn a lot from these two - even if it’s a what-NOT-to-do situation.) * A sneaky storytelling secret used by a soap opera that’s been running non-stop for 62 YEARS... that can make it hard for customers to resist engaging with & buying your offers. * A real life example for how to “stack” 2, 3, 4, even 5 or more subscription/continuity offers without suffering from withering churn or burning customers out. * The “Jenny Factor” secret used by Walt Disney that can dramatically cut down on churn and dramatic sales dips - even during bad economies. * How to (100% legally & ethically) use a method perfected by an abusive, cult-like 1970’s self-help group to get so many more affiliates sales it will probably legitimately freak you out! (It freaked us out a bit, at least, when we started implementing it...) * What to if you’re kind of an off-putting jerk & arsehole but want to build good will and strong customer relationships. * A powerful sales conversion secret David Ogilvy discovered in the 1940’s (when working in the movie business) that can work even better for online businesses today. * An ingenious lead gen trick used by the world’s largest TV ministry (beamed into some 20-30 million households per day for the last 40 years) to rake in more revenue than they know what to do with... and without without begging (if anything they literally mock beggars), fundraisers, passing plates, or emotionally blackmailing people. * The startling discovery behind the most profitable marketing “funnel” that has probably ever been invented. * Why our Chief software developer Pedro (a true savant whose used his coding skills to build a platform for brain cancer research at a major university, if that tells you something...) refuses to code with so-called AI. (If anything, our business that has done over 400% growth in the last year, is hiring MORE developers even as everyone else is foolishly firing their teams to “save money.”) * A shrewd secret for growing a better and more responsive email list used by Old Testament farmers to grow better and more abundant crops. * The controversial “F-bomb” secret behind the enormous success of some of the most successful brands in history. (Including from beloved children TV hosts/authors like Mister Rogers and Dr. Seuss... to the most reviled church on the planet, polarizing filmmakers, late night talk show hosts and more. If they are/were big, chances are they did this F-bomb trick hardly any online businesses do.) * Advice to frustrated freelance copywriters who see clients doing dumb shyt all the time that only makes your job harder and response lower. * Ten people to study and model for World-Building to create a business people love to enter and hate to leave. (In my experience you will learn far more about growing a business observing these 10 people - many who aren’t/weren’t even “businesses” - than you will from some goo-roo prancing around a seminar stage or mastermind room.) * Insider secrets for potentially making more sales & more profits by NOT using 1-click upsells. * Why obsessing over direct marketing jargon like LTV, CPL, CPA, CPC, CTR, CAC... is a recipe for frustration, churn, & failure. (And what my businesses do that can create far more joy, peace of mind, and, yes, consistent cash flow.) * The “tyranny of metrics” phenomenon that can cause otherwise brilliant brands to make colossally stupid decisions, piss off all their customers, and even outright collapse almost overnight! * Why “selling the click” in emails (like spammers all do) is amateur hour at best... and what works far better to make sales, grow relationships, and create life time customers. * Why you should be ultra-skeptical of any SaaS offer that is NOT a subscription model. (Screw it. I might as well just give this one away here: People bitch & moan about subscriptions... but all them new development features, updates, and bug fixes ain’t gonna pay for themselves. Avoid cheapskates if you sell software, and everyone will be happier - including people who DON’T buy because it’s an “oh noes!” subscription.) * How to potentially create a customer base so rabid and “in heat” to support your business that cheerfully and aggressively refers almost everyone they know to you. * Why the vast majority of “name” goo-roos you see are not that great of marketers... just great at building audiences. (No need to take my word for it, simply observe them - especially the ones shilling so-called AI suddenly. It’s not like they hide this fact. More on this inside.) * How to make a bundle of new sales by deliberately NOT spending a lot of time on launch strategy, sales copy, emails, or campaigns. * A totally “counterintuitive” way one of my businesses uses to recruit the best affiliates in our network (Including one who recently put in over 500+ new members into our $1,000 up front, $100/month offer recently, with a couple more seriously interested who could very well dwarf that. You do the math...) * How to help figure out what business you are “really” in to create long term wealth far beyond what you ever could dream of now. Something to know before reading further: This inner game approach I teach inside has been used by everyone from Trump and Walt Disney to companies like Subway and Starbucks. We’ve been using it, for example, in our software business to be on track to make more cash flow/sales over the next 5 years than from the offers we sell in the company. If you do nothing but read, understand, and apply this, it can pay for literally 100 YEARS of your Email Players subscription. No joke, and no exaggeration. This is the #1 most profitable thing I have ever learned (from Dan Kennedy). And I am passing it on to those who read the October Email Players issue. To subscribe in time while you still can go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA