# The Lord tells me He’s pretty sure Gen Z is fooked

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 30 Oct 2025 23:44:54 +0000
**ID:** 19a3784594c15350
---

Earlier this year a Twitter anon declared: “Gen X hate is finally happening and I'm here for it. Everything you hate about Millennials and Zoomers? It all came from Gen X - Millennials grew up with media made by Xers, and Zoomers were raised by Gen X. This reckoning is long overdue.” Not to burst the guy's bubble. But most of Gen X doesn’t care and never has cared and never will care. In fact, most of us find it amusing. Even comfortable in a strange way. Our natural state has been to be hated literally from the womb. The boomers genocided nearly 30% of us at the peak of their abortion blood lust worship. And it’d no doubt have been even more than that for the earlier Gen X'ers, had abortion not been decriminalized until 1973. This is not an exaggeration either. The government even had to remind them we even existed at all, by running a PSA every single night saying: "It's 10:00. Do you know where your children are?” In my case: I was farmed off to babysitters almost every night until 6th grade. After that, I became the proverbial latchkey kid throughout middle school and high school. I saw my mom basically twice per week as she worked nights as a waitress, and I saw my dad every other weekend who was a full time cop and drove semi trucks part time, and many times had to work those nights. I was raised by strangers & TV more than I was by my own parents. And no, this was not unusual back then and far from anecdotal. All of which is why, when Willis was born, I told Stefania the only way the boy will ever so much as step foot in a daycare facility or (far worse) public school is when he’s an adult to BUY the building, condemn it, set fire to it... and then douse the ground around the ashes with salt & holy water. It's the only way to be sure. Related: Not long after that, I saw another bit on Twitter about generational hostility. In this case, it was a headline that said: “Gen Z are over having their work ethic questioned: ‘Most boomers don’t know what it’s like to work 40+ hours a week and still not be able to afford a house.” As you can see from above, I’m far from being a boomer apologist. But that Gen Z take on boomers is just silly. Zoomers are out of their minds if they think boomers didn't work their asses off well over 40 hours per week, while making crap pay, with far less opportunity to start businesses than everyone has today (i.e., no internet, no smart phones, no affordable personal computers, no social media, no email... you had to actually create a business plan and BEG banks or friends/family for a loan) while stuck in dead end careers, and living in cramped 2 room apartments surviving off Swanson TV dinners (with a brownie!) or fish sticks, with only 3 channels to watch. Maybe 4 channels, if you understood Telumundo. For example: My boomer dad didn't own his first home until he was 40 or 41. And that was working a full time job and a part time job. Not lazily sitting around shyt talking on social media. My boomer mom didn't own her first house until around 40 either, which then took 2 years to fix up to be habitable (while my brother and I lived in our grandparents’ already cramped house), while working full time as a waitress and juggling going to nursing school. And that, again, ain’t just “anecdotal.” It was far more the rule rather than the exception where I grew up. Every generation has their form of trauma bragging. Some of it legit, but most not-so-much. But I think what makes Gen Z’s stand out is how nonsensical it is. Although many of them recently realizing nearly 30% of them were also genocided by abortion is a completely legit fact that I hope they take to heart when they vote next time. The idiot wine aunt they voted en masse for would have had no problem with their moms puncturing their skulls mid-hiccup in the womb, and then draining the white liquid that was their brains into a tray. We will see. Plus let’s face it: If we’re all being honest here, it's the older generations’ faults for not raising Gen Z right, giving them participation trophies & safe places instead of shaming and bullying them into being stronger. Not to mention outsourcing their education to hippie burnout Gamsci/Frankfurt School disciples shoving cultural Marxism down their throats while teaching them to worship the false gods of feminism/multiculturalism/environmentalism/pronouns/tolerance/inclusiveness/magic dirt immigration theory... instead of our Lord Jesus Christ. Sprinkle in a fake pandemic traumatizing them even more and here we are… Now, a caveat: Whenever I talk about this I always hear from people who struggle with context. Obviously, not every Gen Z kid is a hypochondriac still slurring behind a mask about being the “resistance” with pronouns and foreign flags in their bios any more than every Boomer forgot their kids existed or every Gen X is as borderline sociopath in their apathy as Bender from The Breakfast Club, pre-buying marshmellows to roast in the fires of societal collapse. These things are always fractal. And, in fact, I believe this list has very few of the “crud” from each generation on it. So if anything, this entire email is mostly preaching to the choir. Okay, I will end with one more funny story about this: In the twitter thread I began this email with (about hating Gen X) there was some younger guy, also cowardly hiding behind a cartoon pfp, who sounded like he was literally in tears wagging his cartoon finger at me about how “Gen X never cared…” The little schlub was genuinely upset by it. And so, to further trigger him, I joked about how my attitude towards Gen Z is like the insane Irishman Stephen from the movie Braveheart - when arrows are raining down upon them, puncturing their flimsy wooden shields, arrowheads sinking into skulls and bodies and even butt cheeks, and with blood and despair everywhere. During this chaos and gore, Stephen tells William Wallace: “The Lord says He can get me out of this mess. But He’s pretty sure you’re fooked!” Anyway, Boomer or Gen Z, there is hope for your business at least. And I prove it in the November Email Players issue where I answer a question, in detail, about exactly what I myself would do if, (as the guy who asked put it): “...you were dragged back down to Middle-Earth with the rest of us mere mortals and forced to start from nothing in 2025 (& 2026) -- with no name, no skills and not a dime to your name -- what would you do differently? I appreciate this is a bit of a basic bitch question, but I’m genuinely curious.” I spend a lot of time on this particular question in the November issue. So much so, it’s like a mini “course” in and of itself, imo. Including list-building from scratch. My advice is not “easy” to follow, admittedly. But then again, it was not “easy” when I did it, either. And, with social media, which was not a thing when I started, I would argue it is much easier than it was then in some ways. You can read more about what’s inside the November issue in the P.S. The deadline to subscribe in time is in less than 24 hours. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s what you can learn inside the November Email Players issue: * Exactly what I’d do to rapidly build & grow an email list today if starting from scratch. * A totally manipulative social dominance technique used by an infamous WW2 Supreme Commander to get what you want from people without having to say a single word. (Use on your clients, and watch what happens!) * What to offer your list if you want to monetize it but don’t yet have anything to sell or plug. * The dark, twisted, even outright demonic reason (Gary Halbert unearthed back in the 70’s or 80’s but hardly anyone knows about today) why so many people are fat. * Advice for protecting your IP from being used to “train” so-called AI with. * A clever way to use the mute button on a phone, zoom, or other call to generate insanely profitable headlines, subject lines, stories, bullets, and themes for your ads & emails. * A surprisingly fun & effective way to profit from bum marketers copying your emails. * 9 ways to make totally commoditized content & topics sound sexy, exciting, and even new. * How to “outwit” software that flags actual human content as “AI” content. * An old school accountant trick for pre-writing your emails 2, 3, 4, even 6 months out. * How to turn being dirt broke into a powerful asset and advantage in your business. * The Gene Schwartz prophecies: his eerie warning for copywriters using and/or relying upon so-called AI he predicted decades ago - before even the internet itself! * How to “summon” like a genie from a jug all the energy & excitement you need to sell in markets that bore you to death. (Example: I used this trick “on” myself in the female weight loss niche that I hated selling to... and converted over 40% of the opt-in list to buyers. That wasn’t a function of “copywriting” as much as using this technique inside.) * A neat little trick for knowing if you’ve really done have enough research or not for your copywriting projects. * Ways to potentially “side step” rotten economies, disruptive technology (like so-called AI), and even weird left turns in laws/rules/regulations and seize marketshare while everyone else is panicking. * An instant tip off to know if a goo-roo or so-called influencer you’re tempted to spend money with is full of crap or not. * A powerful technique (discovered by one of the wealthiest self-improvement authors who ever lived) for banishing indecision when you’re not getting the results you want, and don’t know who to trust or where to turn. * What the late, great Gary Halbert warned about with using so-called AI to write sales copy way back in 1995! * How to be the “Netflix” of your list/audience/market - where YOU be their self-medication... (not some podcast or TikTok channel)... where YOU be their entertainment (not TV or movies)... And where YOU be the one they “tune” into each day (not news sites or social media). * How to get far less resistance from clients constantly questioning everything you do or always fighting you on even so much as testing your ideas. * An ingenious little “cheat sheet” (I’ve used for years) for keeping yourself committed, focused, & disciplined when you have a thousand things/people/forces beyond your control always trying to distract you. * A simple strategy (I learned from the great A-list copywriter Bob Bly years ago) for quickly “sizing up” clients to determine if they’ll be a nightmare or a joy to work with. * My “if you’re gonna be stupid, you might as well be smart about it” advice to marketers who insist on selling so-called AI tools & offers. To subscribe before tomorrow’s deadline to get this in time, go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA