# Everybody’s a celebrity but nobody’s got talent

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 25 Jun 2025 23:44:59 +0000
**ID:** 197a97b1f682c4a8
---

Last year I read quite an interesting insight from a movie writer/producer that was as equally obvious as it was profound and eerily timely for anyone up in the marketing world to hear. The comment he made was: “Everybody’s famous but nobody’s talented.” Ain't that the troof. Online it’s more like “everybody’s a celebrity but nobody’s got talent.” It was not like this nearly as much before the rise of social media. Back then - and especially pre-internet - you had to basically earn any fame. Now? You don’t need any talent, knowledge, experience. I remember even Madonna saying this about her daughter - that she just shows up on Instagram and gets millions of adoring fans. But she didn't work for that fame, didn't earn it with any real accomplishments other than being born to someone who did. And she didn't sweat/bleed/face trials by fire for it... and that it was not a good thing at all. This is rife in the online business world, too. When you see someone come out of nowhere, say nothing but some empty platitude or political commentary, and then get all kinds of unusually high praise and adoration… just watch what happens. Most never last long, although social media has extended their half lives I suppose. And those who do last longer than their usefulness tend to self destruct for the reason Earl Nightingale talked about decades ago: they know they aren’t getting paid (in this case, paid not just in money but engagement, likes, views, whatever) in proportion to their service/knowledge/usefulness. The results is they burn really bright, then fizzle out just as fast. I lost count of how many marketing goo-roos this has happened to after the early 2000's. It’s practically a trope. In some cases the boys & ghouls may even have talent. But because they are relying only on a social media platform and it's constantly-changing algorithms controlled by God-knows-who... they lose everything once that platform is taken away (or the algorithm that favored them changes - you can see big accounts bitch about this on Twitter daily) and then they don’t know what to do with themselves. And it's all because they never built anything other than an audience they didn’t have the wisdom to put on a list they could export and, thus, own, like email or direct mail. I’ve also seen it happen in copywriting more times than I can remember. For example: It’s why you have copywriting coaches selling high priced coaching while admitting to guys like me (yes, I know where quite a few of these particular bodies are buried) they feel like imposters because they aren’t all that great at copywriting, but everyone likes and believes them on social media. Same with all these supposed experts popping up selling whatever the flavor-of-the-month BSO is. Lots of fame/celebrity appeal, little or no actual talent or skill. Both fame AND talent can be good to have. But both are all but useless without the other. This has been a plot point in stories for probably thousands of years: guy asks the devil to become talented at art or music or something. Devil gives him that talent. But guy dies penniless and alone anyway, realizing he should have wished for fame and talent not just talent alone… Anyway, all of this is why the “influencer” bubble is just a Faustian deal. It will pop or just continue hissing air through an ever-widening gaping puncture hole. You know it’s getting bad when two of the biggest “draws” are a guy accused of secks trafficking and a chick who publicly sleeps with 1000 men in a day. I suspect when it's over it will also be humbling and devastating to many. And as for these dorks running around sliding into your DMs pitching you on how to help you make 6-figures when they are literally broke still living at home, spanking out cold DMs from a template they bought from some other dork, and probably spanking something else too in their basement as they build their AI girlfriends while waiting for mom to finish making supper? They’ll have to get real jobs eventually. The early IM goo-roos thought the ride would never end too. It was a trope about how many of them went back to parking cars for a living. This goes for a lot of these boys & ghouls with social media fame but no talent. And now for my advice: At the very end of last year (2024’s) January 150th Milestone Anniversary issue of Email Players I wrote the following about infotainment. And in hindsight I think, if anything, I should have expanded more on it. Because as important as I thought it was then, I think it’s far more important and vital now, for what is coming down the pike economically and politically. Anyway, here is what I wrote: === Go “hog nasty” wild on implementing INFOTAINMENT. (Which means entertainment combined with information for the uninitiated reading this.) Your emails, your social media, your content, your offers, books, your courses… even your services should be laced with infotainment. That way YOU become both a trusted resource and also that source of entertainment people will be craving. In other words: Your Daily Emails Should Be Their “Netflix” Yes, YOU be their self-medication. YOU be their entertainment. And YOU be the one they “tune” into each day during the times when everyone else is panicking and can’t keep their heads while doom scrolling on social media day and night. === Do what you want with that info. But to see a way of doing it in your emails and copy see the July Email Players issue. It teaches many new and exciting “twists” on infotainment I’ve been using in my own business, and that I believe just about anyone else who reads them can apply as well. Yes, no matter what market/niche/product category you’re in. You can read more about what’s inside the July issue in the P.S. below. And to subscribe, go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here is but a glimpse of what is inside the July Email Players issue: * The “you can go to hell!” headline (or subject line) secret to getting so much engagement it’ll probably freak you out the first time you use it. * A crazy-ass Method Acting trick that helped my sales copy build a six figure per month business in the golf niche. (I’d never even played golf at the time, yet this trick beat the hell out of the control written by a far more seasoned golf niche copywriter right out the gate.) * The “multiple personality” phenomenon for writing world class email and sales copy. (If you haven’t “heard” the voices of the markets you’ve written to haunting your psyche 24/7 years after writing the copy, it means you’re still sane, but probably not making the sales you could. Use at your own risk.) * The semi-insulting reason reason Email Players subscribers without the ability to think abstractly struggle with using the content. (Something to consider before subscribing - don’t say you weren’t warned.) * How to make your emails, social media, sales copy more fun for people to consume than their favorite Netflix, Hulu, Apple, Amazon, and other streaming shows/movies. * An ingenious method (used by Marlon Brando in his most celebrated roles) that can potentially ramp up your email engagement and sales as much as 2 or even 3x over time . A sneaky acting technique (I’ve never seen a single marketing goo-roo teach) seen in “The Godfather” that created chillingly* perfect performances... and how to use it to create such almost chillingly strong relationships with your leads, prospects, customers, and clients they may not want to buy from anyone BUT you. * Advice to people who write emails and social media posts in advance to potentially cut your writing time in half - and without using TikTok brain-level generative AI. * The single best free resource (found on Facebook) I’ve ever used for hammering out infotaining emails, social media posts, audio/video content, and even sales copy. (Next time you get “stuck” for ideas simply go to this Facebook page, read a post or two, and watch as interesting, engaging, and cashflow-creating content will probably flow right out of your brain. That’s been my experience, at least.) * A shrewd market research tip from actor Christopher Lloyd that make your business a pile of new sales almost immediately - and possibly even the first time you use it. (A caveat: if you suck at pattern recognition this tip WILL NOT work. Fair warning...) * The 6-word “folk horror” secret behind some of the highest grossing sales letters ever penned. * The little-talked about infotaining sales letter/email template (used in certain Gary Halbert and John Carlton ads - if you know what to look for) I’ve been quietly using in my most engaging content for over 20 years. * A beat-for-beat breakdown of one of the most profitable emails I’ve ever written that was 14 PAGES long! (Email goo-roos saying long emails don’t “work” should be ignored. And this email proves it. Inside I walk you through my 14-page monster you can probably use in your very next email to get more engagement & sales, if you choose.) * The “never have to worry about money ever again” secret used by Bruce Willis and Samuel Jackson to get all the money, fame, and respect they could stand... even though they made far MORE box office duds than successes. (This trick was also used by Stallone, Keanu Reeves, Mel Gibson, Arnold, and others... and if you know what you’re doing, you can apply this directly to your own business to STEAL engagement and sales right out from under your competitors’ noses.) * A dire warning from a Mad Man-era advertiser whose advice seems almost like prophecy today for anyone using generative so-called “AI” to create content. Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA