# Age of Swipeocalypse sale

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 04 Sep 2025 15:44:52 +0000
**ID:** 19915680c7523a98
---

A few years ago, your daily email horror host was asked: “What are your thoughts on copywriters who need to look at swipes of ‘What’s working now,’ in emails, sales pages, etc, whenever they work on new projects for clients. I know you talk about the importance of thinking and problem solving, and how every piece of copy has its own unique set of problems to solve based on the audience offer, positioning of the client, etc. Just curious to hear your thoughts on that.” It was a good question then, and it’s an even better question now. And the answer is inside: “Email Players Annual #1: Swipeocalypse” This giant-sized Email Players issue (in both page count and literal size) exists outside the normal continuity of the newsletter. And it teaches a way of “swiping” that not only works better than raiding a filing cabinet full of sales letters, scanning a folder of PDFs, or, worse blindly using & trusting some flawed so-called “AI” tool... but helps you get deep into the minds of those you wish to sell to to help crawl right into their very souls and potentially know what they want to buy and how to sell it to them. Get it by that deadline and you will also get: “The Email Players Swipe File: Volume 1” This is an 88-page swipe file of sales letters and ad inserts that were included in Email Players over its first 100+ issues. These are mostly short, “impulse” ads selling high-priced offers that have collectively helped pull quite a bit of dough, and that can be used as frameworks (not copy & paste) for your own emails, sales letters, and offers. NOTE: Swipeocalypse is physically shipped to you. But this bonus will be digitally sent via email when you order. A lil’ something to “tide” you over while waiting for Swipeocalypse. Here’s the link for more information: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/swipe Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA