# Lessons from a vagina-tightening cream ad

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 30 Apr 2025 16:29:45 +0000
**ID:** 19687896fc854aef
---

Many years ago, I read an ad about a vagina-tightening cream Gary Halbert wrote. Obviously, a sensitive feminine product. And, as he put it: “If the advertising wasn't done with just the right amount of finesse and taste (without losing its sales appeal) the advertising would have ended up offending everybody and selling nobody.” Not unlike advertising from the early to mid 1900s. Like the ones selling tobacco (the infamous “Blow Some My Way?” ad that started to make it socially acceptable for women to smoke)… to deodorant (the great A J. Walter Thompson’s “Within The Curve of a Woman’s Arm” ad)… to even stinky breath (Listerine’s “Always A Bridesmaid, Never A Bride” ad), etc. But back to Halbert’s ad: There were two big copywriting lessons in what he did. And both can help just about anyone who writes any kind of sales copy (emails, long form sales pages, Facebook ads, content marketing, whatever it is) get a ho’ bunch more engagement, sales, and response. As for the lessons: 1. Gary admitted the real power in a lot of his ads was not necessarily the storytelling (which was, as usual for him, magnificent), but the “social engineering” aspect of them. In fact, he said he spent 90% of his time JUST on that aspect of the ad. 2. He wrote the ad in a couple hours, but spent 5 weeks thinking of “what” to say. And guess what? Just to show you that Halbert still takes me to school, I admittedly used both the above bits of wisdom he shared quite aggressively in the approach I took to writing the direct mail pieces for Low Stress Trading last year, to drive traffic to our email opt-in page, and that I analyze up in the May Email Players issues. Gary had a much bigger impact on the results than that, though. (Also, yes, of course I show the two pieces, for those who keep asking) And I explain that, too. Anyway, I believe using direct mail to drive traffic to an email opt-in list is going to be one of the hot new topics over the coming months and years, especially as online channels get more corrupted with click fraud and evermore dumbed-down AI-generated advertising that creates more competition and thus driving up the costs to advertise. If you want to see the approach I took to write the pieces, here’s the deal: 1. Subscribe to Email Players before tonight’s deadline when I send the list to the printer 2. Patiently wait for it to arrive in a week or so 3. Read it not just once but several times There is also a challenge I give at the end I am interested in peoples’ response to. You can read more about what’s inside in the P.S. below. Or, if you’re ready, go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here are just a few of the tips inside the May issue, there are many, many more: * An almost foolproof way to structure your marketing that can help sell any future offers you create well before you even create them. * The ugly little secret to starting off zoom sales presentations for helping get far more engagement and sales than you do now. * Best “sleeper” approach to copywriting for selling to completely trust-broken and severely jaded prospects who think every word you write is horse shyt. * The #1 thing to dig out of your research if you want maximum sales & response that has nothing to do with benefits, claims, stories, turn-of-phrases, or anything you probably see your Facebook friends talking about much less doing. * The “dope head” phenomenon I believe all financial offer copywriters ought to know about. (Or, really, even if you’re not in the financial offer niche. It applies across the board.) * The plain vanilla (and totally boring) copywriting research approach explained in a single paragraph that can potentially let you know your prospects better than their own mothers! (In my experience so-called “AI” cannot even come close to duplicating this, Google searches can’t come close to emulating it, and your swipe file won’t even come close to matching how well doing this works if done right. It’s not “fun” but it is effective, which is why only the hardcore copywriters who read it will probably do it.) Deadline is today, when I send the list to the printer. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA