# Frank Capra's bag of propaganda tricks

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 20 Jul 2025 16:14:53 +0000
**ID:** 198289e2d4afdf45
---

One of the more useful biographies I have read for business and marketing is movie director Frank Capra's bio "The Name Above The Title" book. It contains a ton of insights about making movies that apply directly to marketing. Including some things he did to create war propaganda that influenced millions of people. Here are a few of them: * There are no rules to filmmaking, only sins. And the cardinal sin is Dullness * What interests people most is people * Self aggrandizement will get you a lot farther a lot faster than modesty * Entertainment is an amazing tool for rallying people against the “bad guys” * Laugher disarms skepticism, cynicism, and even hostility * Don’t look for objective criticism or praise… look for gut reactions * Creating Vision can literally win wars * Don’t make the best picture you ever made in the same year that someone makes Gone With The Wind * FDR was such a great listener he almost converted Frank Capra into becoming a Democrat * Too many filmmakers get their ideas from other’s pictures and not from life * Wealthy hypocrites and celebrities in Hollywood constantly virtue signaling about “social justice” secretly had just as much contempt and hatred for the very people and causes they virtue signaled about in Capra’s day as they do today * Trying to not offend people ruins movies And the list goes on. But Frank Capra’s most profitable marketing lesson was when he said this: “Laughter was the disarmer, the friend maker. Entertain them, and audiences would accept most anything.” I not only agree with this, but have witnessed and profited from it for nearly two decades since learning it from the great Matt Furey - including when selling in markets ranging from weight loss and self-defense, to golf and prostate problems, to internet marketers, MLMers, and biz opp seekers. It’s why I’ve been prattling on about infotainment all weekend. And it's also why I wrote “Infotainment Jackpot” and am having a sale on it. But, the sale ends in about an hour tonight, Sunday 7/20, at midnight EDT. Until then, my hearty Horde can have it for over $100.00 off the regular price. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/jackpot Use coupon code: BENGOOLIE Make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle P.S. Customer Don Archer once shared how he's using the book: "Just wanted to tell you that I love the Infotainment book. I'll read a few pages then, I have to put it down and pound out an email or record a video. I've done it three times already, and I think I'm on like page 33. Great stuff for germinating the brain into thinking." That is a great way to use the book. Whatever the case: Anyone creating content who isn't using Infotainment is leaving money on the table, imo. And, also, making life a lot harder on themselves. As well as not giving their customers/clients as enjoyable a buying experience. My opinion.. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA