# Prison inmate reveals how to whip up cashflow whenever you need it

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 21 Apr 2025 22:49:41 +0000
**ID:** 1965a8bffc6afa18
---

Recently Stefania and I re-watched the magnificent movie: “The Shawshank Redemption” If you have never seen it, this is spoiler-y: but it’s about an innocent man who goes to prison. And while there, he creates the state’s biggest prison library, and helps people get their education while cooking the books and laundering money for the crooked warden and the prison guards in exchange for protection from the deviants who want to constantly rape him and other predators inside. That’s part of the plot, at least. But as far as the library goes: One of the ways Andy gets funding is by writing a letter per week to the state to get the funds. After something like six years of writing a letter per week, bugging the hell out of the bureaucrats, the state finally relents and sends him a bunch of money to help build the prison library he envisions. But that’s not the lesson. The lesson is when Andy, wanting to get more funds… says: “I’m going to start writing two letters per week now” If you don’t see the parallels to email marketing I don’t know what to tell you. Probably you are in the wrong saloon, Mister. But it’s a buzzing light bulb moment for a lot of my Email Players subscribers who originally came to my table raw, new, skeptical about the power of daily email the way I teach. They hear the stories, see my other customers’ successes, watch me do it day by day by day… and can’t resist trying it themselves. So they subscribe, learn it, then do it. And it ain’t unusual for people to have an Andy moment: They realize one email per week is nice, but daily gets them more sales, a happier and more engaged list, and they are hooked on the tips I dispense through the book I give to new subscribers and what I teach in the newsletter itself each month, whose knowledge compounds on itself, connects to the other issues to compound the knowledge even more, and then results in lots more cash in their righteous piggy banks. Long time subscribers know. That’s why I have subscribers who have been with me going on 14 years. Yes, literally since it launched Email Players in 2011. Next month will be 166 consecutive issues for them. And the next issue (the May issue) will be an especially sweet treat for all subscribed. The topic? Using direct mail to drive opt-ins. Something we dabbled with in Low Stress Trading, and will be dabbling a lot more with in the coming months, years, decade vs relying on flakey big tech platforms with their ever-changing rules, algorithms, and penalties for not thinking like a timid little normie. Anyway, if you want to subscribe, here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA