# How Stefania got a testimonial from the World’s Greatest Living Copywriter

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 18 Sep 2025 01:45:17 +0000
**ID:** 1995a7f587c4bb7b
---

True story: A few years ago, the homeless coalition in our county wanted to get a grant to purchase hotels directly across the street from the high school here in town, which is very small - literally two stoplights - that relies on tourism and that already had some homeless dirty drug needle & feces-by-the-slides sightings at the local park where kids play. Of course, they wouldn’t show the public their grant proposal. Instead, they just kept telling everyone to trust them. Basically a "trust me, bro" -like dismissal. And so, a bunch of people in a local Facebook group started debating it. I was not on Facebook at the time, but Stefania was. And I told her to chime in, as she’s quite passionate about this. Especially since she grew up in Manhattan and saw what happens - first hand - when you create such places near children and tax paying citizens who just want to walk the street without being assaulted, groped or dodge feces and drug needles... even with all the money to throw at the problem a corrupt bureaucrat getting fat kickbacks and unlimited social media high fives for virtual signaling could ask for. The result? Using the info I teach in my book ‘NOfluence’, Stefania wrote a post that was not only a magnificent example of influence & persuasion, but not long afterwards (after I reprinted it in an Email Players issue) she got a testimonial from Email Players subscriber & the man universally considered to be The World’s Greatest Living Copywriter Gary Bencivenga, who is also a New York City native. Here is what Gary said about Stefania’s post: === Dear Ben, I love all your Email Players issues, but the last two on Vision put me over the moon. What you say is so true. When someone shares a Vision straight from life, their voice speaks with a truth, authority, and power that the tinny clanking of empty claims can never match. I was especially moved by Stefania’s personal story of growing up in Manhattan. If that didn't move the needle in the debate she took part in, I can't imagine what would. Thank you, Ben, and a tip ‘o the hat to Stefania (what a good writer!) === Would you like to see this post Stefania wrote? Not just as example of how to save your community from corrupt “trust me, bro!” bureaucrats... but also to make more sales, get more engagement, have more overall influence in your marketing & copywriting? Well then, simply order your copy of “NOfluence” and you can see it. During this week’s sale (until Friday, 9/19 at midnight EDT) you can have it at a $120.00 discount (so for $480.00 instead of $600.00) off the listed price at the link below. Hit the jump below to partake while you still can: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/nofluence Use code AZRIEL at the checkout (where it says “add referral code” under the price) for the discount. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA