# How to get clients to write your ad copy for you... and still take credit

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 07 Sep 2025 01:44:45 +0000
**ID:** 19921d9efaec15cf
---

No exaggeration, either. Here's the story: Many years ago I partnered in a venture in the golf niche with a couple of my pals. The offer was an online golf country club-like deal where you’d get all the cool benefits for a high-priced private golf club where you’d get free brand name clubs, equipment, gadgets, clothing, travel discounts, and other perks normally only reserved for those paying through the nose for a prestigious membership. I’d had a lot of experience writing in that niche from a prior client. But, it’d been a few years, and so I was a little rusty. So to write the ad I admittedly cheated a bit. And I did so by doing this: I hopped on Skype with my partner in that venture - Email Players subscriber Marty McDonald - who is a true fanatic with golf, was putting the deal together, and has far more of a passion for the sport than I ever will. And I asked him a bunch of questions for a couple hours and recorded it. Then, after the call I had it transcribed, and basically turned that transcript into the sales letter. I "wrote" very little of that ad. Most of it was written “by” Marty. i.e., I “swiped” the expert in this case. It is one of the ways I teach swiping, incidentally, in my Swipeocalpyse offer that ends tomorrow night. Not the only way, but a good way if you do client work of some kind. And I also turned that transcript into a series of emails, too, all using his words, not mine, his vision, not mine, his knowledge of the market, how the market thinks, what they want, what they don’t want, and the list goes on, plus the nuance of reading through it (not letting so-called AI do it), and picking up on his between-the-line personality quirks, communication style, little bombs during small talk for dimensionalizing benefits and bullets you can only get by talking to someone, and the list goes on. The result? Here’s what the other partner who ran all the traffic - my pal Eric McMillan - said after: “Partnered up with Ben on a project in the golf niche. After reading the ad he wrote I knew it was GOOD, but had no clue how GOOD it really was. The results, to ice cold golfers who'd never heard of the program… BUYERS for less than $6/each ($5.85 each to be exact). I've been running traffic and testing 100s of offers for several years and have NEVER seen anything like it. Learn all you can from Ben and even if all you ever do is get to be one-tenth as good as him, you'll make yourself a boatload of loot.” That testimonial gives me a bit of imposter syndrome though. Because, again, I did not write that ad. Marty did. All I did was swipe him, smooth it out, and take all the credit… But that ain’t even the best part. The best part of that ad… the “engine” that made it work... was the headline. But Marty did not write that, and neither did. I had that written for me, too, from one of the best kinds of copywriting swipe file resources (and no, it wasn't some prompt - so-called AI could never have written it) I have ever used. And it was word-for-word one of the best headlines I’d ever seen. That is not me bragging, though, as, again, I did not write it even though I greedily have taken all the credit for that, too. Shameless, to be sure. But it is what it is. Anyway, I tell the full story of this swiping venture, so you can easily do what I did, should you choose to make life easier and more profitable on yourself, inside: “Swipeocalypse” This giant-sized Email Players issue (in both page count and literal size) exists outside the normal continuity of the newsletter. And it teaches a way of “swiping” that not only works better than raiding a filing cabinet full of sales letters, scanning a folder of PDFs, or, worse using some silly so-called “AI” tool... but helps you get deep into the minds of those you wish to sell to to help crawl right into their very souls and potentially know what they want to buy and how to sell it to them. Get it by tomorrow, Sunday 9/7 deadline and you will also get: “The Email Players Swipe File: Volume 1” This is an 88-page swipe file of sales letters and ad inserts that were included in Email Players over its first 100+ issues. These are mostly short, “impulse” ads selling high-priced offers that have collectively helped pull quite a bit of dough, and that can be used as frameworks (not copy & paste) for your own emails, sales letters, and offers. NOTE: Swipeocalypse is physically shipped to you. But this bonus will be digitally sent via email when you order. A lil’ something to “tide” you over while waiting for Swipeocalypse. Here’s the link for more information: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/swipe Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA