# The dummy-proof “formula” used by two of the two highest-paid content creators in history

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 04 Aug 2025 23:44:42 +0000
**ID:** 19877793067d56a6
---

Let me tell you a story. Few years back, your daily email horror host wrote an email about a common “theme” that runs through the lives of those who have made exceptional incomes as content creators of all shapes, sizes, and stripes. And it revealed the only two things you probably have to do to make all the green stuff for your business that your greedy heart desires as a content creator: 1. Create more content than you do now 2. Create that content faster than you do now Notice, I did not say anything about talent. Or decades of building your skills. Or, having to be the best at creating content, having to sell the best product, telling the best stories, having the best technique, using the best equipment, possessing the best writing ability, projecting the best voice, accessing the best software, or relying on the “best” anything else. Take the late Stan Lee, for example. In his book “Excelsior!” he wrote: “Anytime we needed extra money, I could always write more scripts. If Joanie wanted to buy a new wardrobe or I wanted to get a new TV or the latest camera equipment, I’d say, ‘Well, I’ll write a couple of extra stories and that’ll take care of it.’ I guess that’s one of the reasons I wrote so much. I could buy almost anything I wanted because I could pay by writing stories…” i.e., the more content he created and the faster he created it, the more he made. And bear in mind: At that time, he was writing nonsensical characters he was embarrassed by and stories his boss made him write - hardly “great content!” - based on his boss following trends and underestimating his audience's intelligence. All of which Stan did not enjoy doing. He was forced to write dumbed-down stories about dumbed-down characters. I heard the great Dan Kennedy tell a somewhat similar story. But, in his case, it was about copywriting, specifically. He talked about being the highest paid copywriter probably on the planet. Not because of necessarily being the “best” writer. But by being the fastest. Since he can write more (high quality, converting - can't skip that) sales copy, faster, than any other copywriter in his league, he can complete more assignments per year, which equals both more upfront fees per year and more royalties concurrently pouring in per year, all presumably compounding on themselves. Again, without necessarily being the “best.” Or the most “talented.” Or, even selling the highest quality products and services. fapGPT idol worshippers are probably drooling over this, thinking this can be prompted, while chanting “at scale!” But alas... no. Sorry. This phenomenon I speak of doesn’t apply to them, and is just going to work against them. For everyone else though, this is very, very simple: Create more (human) content faster = make more income faster for your business. And guess what? You can apply this “formula” to any kind of content your business uses - emails, social media posts, books, eBooks, courses, videos, podcasts, articles, blog posts, newsletters, membership site content, premiums & bonuses, even fiction (I have), and the list yammers on… It’s so simple: The more content you create for your business, the more you can sell. The more you sell, the more your business makes. The more your business makes, the fatter your righteous piggy bank grows and the louder it squeals in delight. Do it right, and that squealing little piggy bank gets downright obese. Enter my book: “Breakneck Content” It reveals dozens of content-creation secrets used to “out-content” my competition (yes, especially the ones I see futzing around with so-called AI, which is basically the masturbation of content creation), peers, colleagues, trolls, haters, etc - and without sacrificing all my energy and time to the content devil, and in ways that can potentially make it all much faster and way less painful than it is for all the millions of content creators who writhe around in agony when creating content. All right, here’s the deal: The deadline to get this book at a 20% discount is Friday 8/8 at midnight EDT. To hop on this deal do this: 1. Buy it before the deadline at the link below 2. Use code FAST at the checkout (where it says "add referral code") 3. Make sure you see the price change before entering your credit card info Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/breakneck Ben Settle P.S. This book is very small, very short, and very expensive. If you judge information by weight & volume then it’ll be a gigantic waste of money for you. It’s simple, “meat & potatoes” info I’ve used to pump out enormous amounts of content quickly over the last couple decades. However, it requires both thinking & ambition to use. And if you need hand-holding, coddling, or so-called AI then you should probably pass on buying it. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA