# A clinking, martini-sized glass of advice for digital agency owners

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 06 May 2025 03:45:31 +0000
**ID:** 196a3b471c88f170
---

Let me tell you a story. A few years ago I was interviewed by a digital agency owner talking about email and using it with agencies, and how agency owners can use email, benefit from email, profit from email, get clients from email, and all that jazz. And during the call I kept hearing a lot of ignorance of their own industry (agencies). Eventually I asked: “Haven’t you guys studied Ogilvy, Burnett, Foote/Cone/Belding, Thompson, Norman, Barton, or any of the old school agency guys who literally built the modern marketing world as we know it?" “…” Yeesh. If anything qualifies as what Email Players subscriber and the man universally known as the World’s Greatest Living Copywriter Gary Bencivenga describes as “Advertising Malpractice” that does. It reminds me of this professor I had in college. 401-level class in radio/tv major. Last day of the semester, and all of us graduating in a few days… and someone asked what the difference between AM and FM was. You could practically see the professor's temple veins start to pulsate in frustration (he owned several radio and TV stations himself, and took it very seriously). And he coldly asked: “How can you people accept a diploma from this university and not know the difference between AM and FM?” A good question. And I’d ask today’s digital “agency” guys the same thing: How do they expect to make any real money, grow any kind of immortal brand, make any kind of real impact in the digital agency business without studying the old school agency guys (i.e., the actual Mad Men the TV show was based on) whose names are STILL on the buildings of the companies they founded nearly 100 years ago? It’s all rather amazing to me. Especially since so many I have heard from are always struggling to keep consistent clients. But, lucky for them, I have just the thing to straighten ‘em out. “Mad Men Copywriting Secrets” I originally gifted it to Email Players subscribers last year (to celebrate the newsletter’s 150th issue). And it is an oversized (in physical size and word count) issue that exists outside the continuity of the main issues — and contains some of my favorite of those old Mad Men methods. It’s also something I’m making available for sale to the masses, along with an extremely valuable bonus (see the PS below) until this Friday, 5/9 at midnight EST. Anyway, you can learn more about it here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/madmen NOTE: Unless "grandfathered" in as a current Email Players subscriber, we do NOT ship to the following countries: Andorra, China, India, Indonesia, Japan, Mexico, Nigeria, Thailand, Russia, Philippines, or the Ukraine. If you order from one of those countries your order will have to be voided. Ben Settle P.S. As for the bonus, it’s called: "The Swipestream Vol 1” A few of the tips inside include: * An ingenious copywriting technique I learned directly from one of the world’s top A-list copywriters that feels like information content to your prospects but, really, it is pure selling. * A clever way to use the government alphabet agency rules to make your sales copy more engaging, responsive, and profitable. * How to help protect your business from getting fined and/or prosecuted by regulatory agencies when you didn’t even realize you were breaking any laws! * The next best thing to having a crystal ball: How to know what your list wants to buy from your business before they even know! * An old timey day used car salesman’s trick that can help you uncover what your market really wants to spend money on vs what they merely say they want. (Asking this question to would-be customers and clients is like injecting truth serum into them so they tell you exactly what and how to sell to them.) * What to write if you’re stuck and can't think of a way to start an ad or email that can suck readers right in. And that’s just a small sip. You can read more of what’s inside at the link. Also, very important: You’ll need a smart phone or iPad to access this bonus. So keep that in mind before buying this offer if you want this bonus. Here’s the link again: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/madmen This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA