# Canadian neuters his own success

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 23 Nov 2025 12:45:17 +0000
**ID:** 19ab0c0bf98d6b59
---

During last year’s election I lost a customer because, as he said: “I love the advice and insight, but, as a Canadian, I can't take the politics.” On the one hand, I get and understand the impulse. And so I certainly don't blame him for high tailing it out of here. I am not, never have been, and never will be everyone's caesar cocktail. But, on the other hand, if he genuinely loves the info like he said, then he's the classic case of a business neutering its own success due to emotions and ideology. For example, if I had his attitude I would never have: * Learned the best troll monetization tactic I now regularly use from FDR - who I utterly despise * I also would not have benefited from learning some incredible networking & relationship-building approaches that have helped my business - from Obama's guy Saul Alinski * And speaking of Obama who I am no fan of either: if I thought like the Canadian above does, I would not have benefited from or taught an entire Email Players issue about his 2008 email fundraising campaign that took in $600 million (just shy of a billion in today’s money) in donations with JUST email * Nor would I have gotten deep into the idea of media stacking I’ve been benefiting from in spades… and that had originally got me interested in co-owning a SaaS company, from William Randolph Hearst - even during his ultra liberal years before the very social causes he championed turned on him like rabid dogs * Not to mention all the knowledge I’ve learned from studying Steve Jobs or would be using an Apple computer at all * Plus the incredible insights about persuasion and influence from leftie trial lawyer Gerry Spence’s books - who was so good at his job he was once accused by the opposing lawyer of hypnotizing a jury! * Frankly, I would not have probably ever experienced the joys of writing horror fiction, or been able to utilize and teach the lessons for copywriting and marketing gained from doing so, if I took the Canadian attitude (Stephen King's Salem's Lot was a big inspiration) Those are just a handful of examples. I have gone out of my way to learn from many other people I think are as vile and even outright evil as the night is long - Marx, Lenin, Clinton (Hillary and Bill), Stalin, Castro, Lyndon B. Johnson, James Carville, even the reverend Jesse Jackass… and the list goes on and on and on. I have benefited tremendously from doing so by simply taking the good ideas and discarding the bad and often stupid ideas. Something else: I’d argue the less you “like” or agree with those you learn from, the better. After all, you are automatically trying to "break" whatever lesson you learn from them. And if you can't break it, it most likely is something you should be doing. Incidentally, this is one of many examples of the kind of inner game that separates my long-time Email Players subscribers who are out there having the best year of their careers while their peers are dropping like flies from the rest of the online marketing world. To see if your business qualifies to be amongst us, read the page here carefully: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA