# Why the dirty affiliate cop always gets his man

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 30 Sep 2025 02:14:38 +0000
**ID:** 1999868298d94597
---

If you’ve never seen the movie Training Day I highly recommend it. It stars Denzel Washington and Ethan Hawke as two narcotics officers and their adventures over a 24-hour period in the gang-ridden neighborhoods of Los Angeles. Denzel’s character Alonzo is taking Hawke’s character (Jake Hoyt) out on patrol for his first day. i.e., “Training day.” Helluva movie, too. Especially the part below which contains SPOILERS. Jake has just seized some narcotics from some guys, and Alonzo snatches it from him as they are driving in downtown traffic, crumbles it into the pipe, and hands it to Hoyt. === ALONZO: To be truly effective, a narcotics detective must know and love narcotics. A good narcotics detective should have narcotics in his blood. JAKE: You going to smoke that? ALONZO: You are. JAKE: Hell if I am. ALONZO: What? You a Mormon? A Jesus freak? JAKE: No. I'm not losing my job. ALONZO: This is your job. JAKE: I can't do it. ALONZO: This isn't some kind of test. Take a damn hit. JAKE: I became a cop to keep people from using that poison. ALONZO (laughs): This ain't a review board. We ain't doing rails. Just leafy green bud. Then Alonzo stops in the middle of the street, pulls his gun, jams it in Jake's ear! Cars behind them start honking. ALONZO: If I was a dealer, you'd be dead. Turn shit down on the street and the Chief hands your wife a crisply-folded flag. I don't want you in my unit. Not even my division. Go back to Valley. Get the fuck out of my car. Jake then takes the pipe and does the deed. And then Alonzo tells him: ALONZO: Can’t just be a dealer, you gotta be a user. === The last part is key: “Can’t just be a dealer, you gotta be a user.” Believe it or not, if you sell using affiliates, then this is quite possibly THE most profitable affiliate marketing secret ever invented. I’ve long believed this myself, to the point where it is very rare for me to sell an offer as an affiliate without (1) buying (not getting it free) the offer I want to sell so I am invested in its use... and (2) USING it, applying it, benefiting from it before promoting it. Nearly every time I’ve broken those two rules sales have suffered. This is not a copywriting thing, email thing, or even a marketing thing. It’s an Experience thing. Take, for example, our Low Stress Trading business I’ve been yammering on and on and on about all weekend long since the October Email Players issue is about how we have been growing that sucker to the tune of 400% in just the last 12 months alone. When I first sold it as an affiliate I was not a user, I was just “dealing” it. But once I got in, started trading (Trading Day?), making cashflow, and “buying” in to it... my emails automatically got better. My performance on the sales calls automatically got better. And my ability to smoothly sell it and talk about it - naturally, no “sales” talk - automatically got better. It was no longer just “theory.” I was Experiencing it. And that Experience creates my best emails when selling it. I don’t have to think “what should I write about?” I already know, with notes upon notes already prepared, to riff on the topic of finances, trading, investing, business, money, whatever it is. I could do it a little BLST (Before Low Stress Trading). But now it’s far more routine, where I only recycle a few emails each campaign, because they got such good interaction and hammer in a point I want to make anyway, and sometimes there really is no reason to re-invent the wheel. This applies to the product owner side too. We’ve had no shortage of businesses wanting to be Low Stress Trading affiliates. But many are turned away though. Including some with gigantic lists we know we could “make sales” from, but we don’t want those sales, because they are just being pitched the usual idiotic internet marketing push-send way that just appeals to the dregs of the industry, and who make crap customers. We do the opposite of probably 95% of the entire affiliate marketing world: We don’t just let anyone be affiliates. They (1) have to be a paying Low Stress Trading member in order to be an affiliate for it, and (2), they have to be using the Framework. We want our boys & ghouls selling it to have some depth to what they say, bring in the best customers, and repel the bottom feeders just looking for a narcotic-like dopamine biz opp hit like in Training Day (Trading Day?) Does this “cost” us sales? I don’t know. Maybe. But considering the enormous and fast growth - we had to purposely slow down recently, to make sure we could have enough merchant account volume, for example - let’s us somehow make do, I suppose. This, like everything else, we do is based on what I call: “Sociological marketing” As opposed to the typical direct marketing psychological marketing approach. In this case: Our approach even to affiliates - from both sides of the table - is not based on psychological marketing with affiliates, begging people to sell your stuff, or do a quid pro quo affiliate circle jerk just to “make money.” No. We have rabid, “in heat” affiliates. You couldn’t get some of them to NOT to talk about the program, because they use it, profit from it, and Experiencing more peace of mind than they ever have in their lives and businesses - even as everything is collapsing around them - and due to using it. Thus they don’t just sell it, they Advocate for it. Some of them are like Zealots for it. There is so much more to this Sociological marketing approach than I have talked about over the last several days in these emails. I have two books that go into great depth about it, both over $1,000. But the October Email Players issue serves as almost like a “crib sheet” in a way, as it walks you through how we apply the concept to Low Stress Trading, that can be adapted/modeled for probably almost any kind of business. There is, as I’ve mentioned a couple days ago, nothing “new” about it. It’s just new to the direct marketing world obsessed with spreadsheets & goo-roos. But goo-roos don’t do this. Frankly, for reasons I go into in the October issue, most are probably not even capable of doing it. It takes a bit of abstract thought to get one’s mind around it in the first place, and then it takes having the balls to resist the urge to follow the crowd or the clowns prancing around mastermind rooms and on marketing seminar stages. ‘nuff said on that. I already probably just got myself in enough trouble. Tomorrow’s the deadline to subscribe in time for the October issue. You can read the specifics in the P.S. below. To subscribe while the subscribins’ good, hit the jump here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s a look at what’s waiting for you inside the October Email Players issue: * How using porn-o disgraced two of the most brilliant direct marketers who ever walked the face of the Earth. (You can still learn a lot from these two - even if it’s a what-NOT-to-do situation.) * A sneaky storytelling secret used by a soap opera that’s been running non-stop for 62 YEARS... that can make it hard for customers to resist engaging with & buying your offers. * A real life example for how to “stack” 2, 3, 4, even 5 or more subscription/continuity offers without suffering from withering churn or burning customers out. * The “Jenny Factor” secret used by Walt Disney that can dramatically cut down on churn and dramatic sales dips - even during bad economies. * How to (100% legally & ethically) use a method perfected by an abusive, cult-like 1970’s self-help group to get so many more affiliates sales it will probably legitimately freak you out! (It freaked us out a bit, at least, when we started implementing it...) * What to if you’re kind of an off-putting jerk & arsehole but want to build good will and strong customer relationships. * A powerful sales conversion secret David Ogilvy discovered in the 1940’s (when working in the movie business) that can work even better for online businesses today. * An ingenious lead gen trick used by the world’s largest TV ministry (beamed into some 20-30 million households per day for the last 40 years) to rake in more revenue than they know what to do with... and without without begging (if anything they literally mock beggars), fundraisers, passing plates, or emotionally blackmailing people. * The startling discovery behind the most profitable marketing “funnel” that has probably ever been invented. * Why our Chief software developer Pedro (a true savant whose used his coding skills to build a platform for brain cancer research at a major university, if that tells you something...) refuses to code with so-called AI. (If anything, our business that has done over 400% growth in the last year, is hiring MORE developers even as everyone else is foolishly firing their teams to “save money.”) * A shrewd secret for growing a better and more responsive email list used by Old Testament farmers to grow better and more abundant crops. * The controversial “F-bomb” secret behind the enormous success of some of the most successful brands in history. (Including from beloved children TV hosts/authors like Mister Rogers and Dr. Seuss... to the most reviled church on the planet, polarizing filmmakers, late night talk show hosts and more. If they are/were big, chances are they did this F-bomb trick hardly any online businesses do.) * Advice to frustrated freelance copywriters who see clients doing dumb shyt all the time that only makes your job harder and response lower. * Ten people to study and model for World-Building to create a business people love to enter and hate to leave. (In my experience you will learn far more about growing a business observing these 10 people - many who aren’t/weren’t even “businesses” - than you will from some goo-roo prancing around a seminar stage or mastermind room.) * Insider secrets for potentially making more sales & more profits by NOT using 1-click upsells. * Why obsessing over direct marketing jargon like LTV, CPL, CPA, CPC, CTR, CAC... is a recipe for frustration, churn, & failure. (And what my businesses do that can create far more joy, peace of mind, and, yes, consistent cash flow.) * The “tyranny of metrics” phenomenon that can cause otherwise brilliant brands to make colossally stupid decisions, piss off all their customers, and even outright collapse almost overnight! * Why “selling the click” in emails (like spammers all do) is amateur hour at best... and what works far better to make sales, grow relationships, and create life time customers. * Why you should be ultra-skeptical of any SaaS offer that is NOT a subscription model. (Screw it. I might as well just give this one away here: People bitch & moan about subscriptions... but all them new development features, updates, and bug fixes ain’t gonna pay for themselves. Avoid cheapskates if you sell software, and everyone will be happier - including people who DON’T buy because it’s an “oh noes!” subscription.) * How to potentially create a customer base so rabid and “in heat” to support your business that cheerfully and aggressively refers almost everyone they know to you. * Why the vast majority of “name” goo-roos you see are not that great of marketers... just great at building audiences. (No need to take my word for it, simply observe them - especially the ones shilling so-called AI suddenly. It’s not like they hide this fact. More on this inside.) * How to make a bundle of new sales by deliberately NOT spending a lot of time on launch strategy, sales copy, emails, or campaigns. * A totally “counterintuitive” way one of my businesses uses to recruit the best affiliates in our network (Including one who recently put in over 500+ new members into our $1,000 up front, $100/month offer recently, with a couple more seriously interested who could very well dwarf that. You do the math...) * How to help figure out what business you are “really” in to create long term wealth far beyond what you ever could dream of now. Something to know before reading further: This inner game approach I teach inside has been used by everyone from Trump and Walt Disney to companies like Subway and Starbucks. We’ve been using it, for example, in our software business to be on track to make more cash flow/sales over the next 5 years than from the offers we sell in the company. If you do nothing but read, understand, and apply this, it can pay for literally 100 YEARS of your Email Players subscription. No joke, and no exaggeration. This is the #1 most profitable thing I have ever learned (from Dan Kennedy). And I am passing it on to those who read the October Email Players issue. To subscribe in time before tomorrow’s deadline here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA