# Ignorant, arrogant, SOB clients

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 30 Aug 2025 12:45:12 +0000
**ID:** 198fb02b0f5850e9
---

Something to think about if you are a service of any kind. But, especially if you’re do freelance copywriting. Many years ago, my pal Michael Senoff interviewed the great, and esteemed and insanely prolific copywriter Bob Bly. And in that interview he quoted someone (name escapes me) who said something about clients that was so profound at the time, I all but tattooed it on the back of my hands so I could see it whenever I typed anything. Something that explained a lot of dumb client decisions. But also explained a lot of brilliant client decisions, too. And, overall, made me a much better copywriter, a more discerning copywriter as far as who I took on as clients, and a much more patient copywriter when it came to dealing with clients altogether. Anyway, here is what he quoted: (paraphrased - but this was the gist of it) “I can deal with a client that is arrogant. I can deal with a client who is ignorant. What I can’t deal with is a client who is both.” What does this mean? It means ignorant clients who don’t know anything, and know they don’t know anything, and stay in their lane and let you stay in your lane to do what you need to do to make them more sales are great. Arrogant clients, on the other hand, are also great. You may not “like” them, but they can teach you a lot. In fact, I liked very few of the arrogant clients. But I am the first to admit what I did like was the results that happened after humbling myself, shutting up, and just taking their advice. They are arrogant because they are successful, not the other way around. These two kinds of clients above are like “unicorn” clients. If you have them, you’re a fortunate soul indeed. But then... there’s the clients who are both ignorant and arrogant. They’ve never written a single ad probably in their lives. And even if they did, the rest of their marketing did the real work, and their copy just happened to work. They most likely got their training from a goo-roo spouting theory while prancing around a mastermind room or seminar stage. Or they read a single book at some point, and suddenly they’re the Second Coming of Gary Halbert. But in reality, they don’t know anything. Have no real experience at all. Just know how to parrot what someone else said, did, thinks. It’s like Johnny Utah’s boss in Point Break tells him on his first day at the FBI: “You may have been in the top 2% of your class at Quantico,... but out here you have exactly zero hours of experience in the field. You know nothing, in fact, less than nothing. lf you knew you knew nothing, that'd be something, but you don’t.” That, in my experience, was the ignorant & arrogant clients. Anyway, here’s why I bring it up: You won’t learn a single thing from them. Nor, probably, will you learn anything from ignorant clients (that’s why they hired you.) But the arrogant clients? The ones who absolutely know what they’re doing, have the track record to prove it, and aren’t going to let you or any other copywriter screw up what works for them? Gold. Again, you may or may not “like” the arrogant ones. I had some huge blowout fights with a couple of mine. But ultimately they made me much better. And for that, I am grateful, even I think they’re SOBs. But, I also had some arrogant ones who I did like quite a bit. And in one of their cases, made my ad headlines infinitely better then, and I still use what they taught, said, figured out to this day in my own businesses with my own sales copy and emails and other marketing. Enter the September Email Players issue. I show you some highly responsive headlines from such a client inside. In one case, he had to take my own craziness and AMPLIFY it. Usually clients will tell you to tone stuff down, if anything. And maybe you should. Just depends on the situation, the client (are they ignorant or arrogant?), the market, and a whole host of other logistics. But in this case, he made my stuff way better. And you can read these headlines and what made them “tick” in the September issue. You can read more about what’s inside in the PS below. Otherwise, to subscribe while you still can before tomorrow’s deadline, go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s a look at what’s inside the September issue: * Sneaky psychological tactics I used to write the headline for one of the single most profitable sales letters ever run in the history of the self defense niche. * A headline secret used by the billionaire newspaper tycoon William Randolph Hearst (that John Caples also secretly used, too) that can help you exponentially amp up your ad or email readership, response, and, if you have a good offer... sales. * An ingenious way (used by certain, very savvy public speakers to seize a large room full of peoples’ attention) to write headlines for getting people to “lean in” to read your sales pitches. * An old timey day copywriter’s trick for pre-testing your headline’s power without showing it to anyone, without getting any critiques, and without guessing, wondering, or agonizing over it. * A surprisingly profitable headline technique from the movie “Citizen Kane” that can help even a rank amateur write headlines that stand out from anything else their prospect is being distracted by. * The headline trick of a kooky old newspaper space ad genius (who once got jailed for his writing!) for making your ads stand out head & shoulders from practically anything else on the internet, the inbox, social media, or anywhere else. * An example of how to write “bad ass” headlines - where prospects literally might think, “what a bad ass!” and have a hard time not reading the rest of your copy just to see what it’s about. (This won’t lend itself to every ad you write, and your milage may vary - but every time I do it never seems to fail.) * The strange (but 100% proven) secret for getting a higher response to your ads... by deliberately NOT going through the product or using the service you’re selling. (I doubt even a single copywriting “guru” will approve of this - but I have done it many times, including in a recent direct mail test that got exceptionally hight response.) * Two “stealth” emotions (most copywriters don’t even realize ARE emotions... they’ve been so brainwashed by horse shyt) to wrench on in your headlines, subject lines, and content titles to help nab higher response & sales. * The best (and totally free) place I’ve ever used to get genuinely useful copywriting critiques. * A red flag that can help you almost instantly know if a chest-pounding copywriting goo-roo you want to learn or buy from is just talking out of his arse. * A word-for-word email one of my all-time favorite copywriters (who has gotten “fan mail” from guys like Dan Kennedy and Gary Bencivenga, if that tells you something) sent me about how to knock out headlines that can double, triple, maybe even quadruple your response. (I DEFY anyone - newbie or seasoned pro - to read what he said and not write far more profitable headlines the very first time you use it.) * Psychological “triggers” that can help make it almost neurologically impossible to ignore your headlines - even when competing against 1,000+ other click-bait headlines fighting for your prospect’s attention. . * The shrewd “anti-NLP” headline secret (used by both David Ogilvy and Gary Halbert) for helping you get near instant focus from prospects reading your ads or emails. * How Mel Martin (the “King of Fascinations” whose alter many of the best A-list direct mail copywriters who ever lived have worshipped at) penned some of the most insanely profitable headlines in copywriting history - and often without using promises, claims, benefits, or any silly “click-bait”-like appeals. * NON-legal advice (let the record show, Your Honor) for health offer copywriters who want to write headlines that work like gangbusters while also helping keep your ads off Big Brother’s radar. * A clever way to use Facebook to help you see if a headline idea has any “legs” without spending any money or running any ads on there. * One of simplest and most effective “pattern interrupts” you can use in advertising headlines right now. (Not just sales letter headlines, but email subject lines, article titles, book titles, and more.) * How to shut the yap of the Doubting Thomas in every prospect’s brain - who’s whispering in his ear, trying to determine if he should read the rest of your ad or not. * What I learned about writing headlines after a short (and private - not recorded) conversation with one of the greatest A-list copywriters who ever lived. * The “feral” headline secret that can help make plain vanilla offers sound more exciting and exotic. * A neat little trick you can use in your headlines that is nearly guaranteed to get more attention & possibly response - even from prospect’s who would otherwise ignore you! (This “thing” can also work wonders in other parts of your ads and emails, too - especially in subject lines, stories, offers, CTA’s, and bullets.) * Three words used in a LOT of sales copy and emails these days (I even have to catch and stop myself from using them at times) that are like “fed bait.” (I had to pay several thousand dollars in fees to an attorney to learn this bit I share inside.) Here’s the link to subscribe to the paid Email Players newsletter before tomorrow’s deadline: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA