# The only guy I listen to about AI

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 02 Aug 2025 18:44:40 +0000
**ID:** 1986c1abc8aea9f8
---

Anyone who’s been on my list a while knows I am not a so-called “AI” guy. Personally, I think so-called AI is a lie even in its name (it is not really “intelligence”) as well as a fat bubble ripe for bursting... that is mainly propped up by dumb money investors & online marketers plagued with corporate marketing-driven FOMO, almost all of who are literally parroting what CEOs who sell it say. Obviously it has legitimate uses, as any super calculator (what even it admits it is) has. But to use it for anything better done with humanity is a loser’s game long term, imo. Plus, as I’ve said many times to my boys & ghouls: I assume everyone and anyone talking about it at all in the marketing/copywriting space is full of shyt until proven otherwise. Drop any goo-roo's name you want, I don’t care. I see grifting, I see manufactured FOMO, I see a false economy that’s an illusion. I also believe whatever it ends up being after the Mad Dash/Gold Rush phase will be far less dramatic and far more anti-climactic than the terminally online guys who literally worship it as digital god, using it to build their digital girlfriends, literally living in in their digital worlds believe and, frankly, now need it to be. Which brings me to the rub: There is exactly one - and ONLY one - guy I do listen to about so-called AI. Someone who I’ve had many long hours of back-and-forth conversations about it with, and who was - along with the late and brilliant computer scientist Jim Yaghi - dissecting the tech’s potential and tinkering with how it works years ago, while the clowns trying to out-honk each other as they prance around Linkedin asking you to drop keywords in the comments in exchange for sending you prompts were still in middle school. He’s also a guy I’ve been friends with for well over a decade. I have done multiple successful business JVs with him, too. And we have taught at various seminars & workshops together over the years. Most recently: He’s been telling me about some incredibly interesting experiments he’s been doing with the tech that sounds almost like creating a sort of “virus” that cancels out some of lies, bad info, and outright bull shyt you see AI doing. I don’t pretend to know exactly what he’s doing with that, btw. And I may not have that 100% right, but that’s the gist I got from it. Anyway, I am talking about my good friend, and the only guy on the planet I think is worthy of talking to about so-called AI as far as for marketing purposes (including meshing it with stuff I teach - like with World-Building, etc - ask him about his theme park idea, it’s fascinating...): Shane Hunter. If you want to learn AI for marketing/business purposes, he’s the guy I’d go to. However, before you get too excited, he has no “AI” specific offer. Running a traditional info publishing business selling courses, etc is not really his thing. Instead, each year he has open enrollment to join his yearly mentorship. Unlike me (I loathe even the idea of doing mentoring, apprenticing, and coaching) he loves mentoring. He likes to get ‘em while their young, dumb, and hungry to turn them into his “Abrasives.” And yes, he has a laundry list of successful students. Plus, AI is not even his main thing, he also teaches skills like traffic, lead gen, ad creation, deal making, and a whole lot of other things I certainly don’t teach... guiding you step-by-step, and going far out of his way to teach you exactly what you want to know, tailored to you and his other students. i.e., an actual mentor, not just a guy barking orders at you. Although he does that, too, in drill Sgt fashion, if need be. And before you ask... I am NOT an affiliate for his mentorship. I am simply a big fan of what he’s doing and the students of his who I have been dealing with (a couple of them are doing our traffic for BerserkerMail and Low Stress Trading) impress the hell out of me. These particular students of his are also Email Players subscribers, too, to give you an idea of much Shane’s stuff complements mine, and vice versa. All right, I will just say one more thing. There are many people on my list - usually younger guys just starting out - who basically say they are confused about all the conflicting info circulating around, not getting the results they want, don't who to trust or where to turn. It’s why some of them have asked me to mentor/apprentice them. But I don’t do the coaching/mentoring/apprentice thing. I just send ‘em to Shane. He takes good care of my boys & ghouls. To learn about how to apply while enrollment is still open (until tomorrow, I think) go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/shane The above is a tracking link, but it is not an affiliate link. He likes to see where his customers come from. Ben Settle P.S. Also, one more thing: If you do join Shane's mentorship, let me know after completing your first 3 months in his program (simply forward this email to remind me at that time). I want to send you something, as a valuable bonus, just for taking the step and sticking with it, and showing some character. But you won't be able to use it in context until you've been with him for at least 3 months into his mentorship. I won’t say what it is here. But I suspect it’ll be quite a pleasant surprise. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA