# Breakneck Content book sale

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 04 Aug 2025 11:45:27 +0000
**ID:** 19874e7d5c9ba326
---

Today through Friday 8/8 at midnight EDT I’m having a sale on my book: “Breakneck Content” It contains dozens of ways to pump out business-growing content very quickly, and potentially profiting from it from conception until infinity if you have the marketing skills to sell that content. By “content” I mean specifically content like: * Emails * Social media posts * Books * Courses * Videos * Podcasts * Articles & blog posts * Newsletters * Membership site content * Premiums & bonuses * Even novels - and of course any other kind of content you might sell or sell with. This admittedly expensive (it ain't for price shoppers on a budget) book is specifically for aggressive content creators who live & die by their content, realize using generative so-called AI tools like fapGPT to shart out content is self-sabotaging, and who want quick-implementation tips, ideas, and strategies you can apply today and potentially see results in your righteous bank account by tomorrow. All right, here’s the deal: The deadline to get this book at a 20% discount is Friday 8/8 at midnight EDT. To hop on this deal do this: 1. Buy it before the deadline at the link below 2. Use code FAST at the checkout (where it says "add referral code") 3. Make sure you see the price change before entering your credit card info Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/breakneck Ben Settle P.S. Email Players subscriber James Carran who is a published author, ghostwriter, novelist, and poet (i.e., he creates a lot of content - I read his children's book "The King and the Dragon" to Willis, and it is awesome - highly recommend) said this about Breakneck Content: "I'm working through Breakneck Content. A third of the through it and I've already had at least three "lightbulb" moments where I thought "how have I NEVER thought of that?" This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA