# Prompting Dr. Seuss

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 08 Aug 2025 11:44:35 +0000
**ID:** 1988980c2090c188
---

One of my favorite writer bios is: “Becoming Dr. Seuss” About... Dr. Seuss. There are all kinds of lessons for the writer and/or content creator inside. So many I lost count half way through when first reading it, and am about to go in for a second reading soon. One of many such lessons is how much he sweated, battled with the blank page, and I would argue suffered for his work. The fapGPT fanboy brain can’t comprehend: “If bro was alive today he could have just prompted out those books lol!” Well, if someone is foolish enough to think that, all the power to them. Otherwise, for the grownups, here are a few of my notes from the book: * He dismissed people calling him a genius by saying, “If I were a genius, why do I have to sweat so hard at my work?” * He once said, “I know my stuff always looks like it was rattled off in twenty-three seconds, but every word is a struggle and every sentence is like the pangs of birth.” * He wasn’t chasing leisure or fleeing from hard work - he embraced it, leaned into it, learned to love it. He told a journalist: “...retirement’s not for me! For me, success means doing work that you love, regardless of how much you make. I go into my office almost every day and give it eight hours - though every day isn’t productive, of course.” * If he wasn’t having a productive day and nothing was happening he would start going through his giant pile of history or “classy junk” reading to get ideas flowing. * He had a very blue collar workday where he’d work for 8 hours, no matter what, even if it was just sitting there staring at the wall... after which he’d go have cocktails with his wife, swim, do some gardening, have a beer, etc. * He limited himself to using a narrow list of 350 words for his stories which both infuriated him as well as helped him write his most memorable stories... i.e., his creativity was enhance by barriers & a framework he forced himself to work within, even if it felt like it stifled it. * His stories did not come from thinking alone, but lots and lots and lots of writing, playing with words, getting frustrated, developing the "scar tissue" of patience, making discoveries, doing experiments, seeing what worked, starting over, taking what did work, mixing with some new ideas, and so on, and so forth, constantly moving Again, the fapGPT fanboy brain cannot even begin to comprehend. Anyway, all that said: I doubt many reading this - no matter how passionate - have the luxury of sitting in the office, staring at a keyboard for 8 hours, shuffling back and forth to a pile of books, all while working from a list of 350 “approved” words. And for them I shamelessly suggest checking out my book on sale until tonight: “Breakneck Content” This is basically the July 2019 Email Players issue in book form. Thus, if you possess that issue, there is little info inside this book you don't already possess and you don't need it. If not, this book contains dozens of additional ways to quickly and as painlessly as possible bang out all kinds of content for your business, including: * Emails * Social media posts * Books (non-fiction or fiction) * Courses * Videos * Podcasts * Articles & blog posts * Newsletters * Membership site content * Premiums & bonuses * And any other kind of content you might sell or sell with Here’s the deal: The deadline to get this book at a 20% discount is tonight, Friday 8/8 at midnight EDT. To hop on this deal do this: 1. Buy it before tonight’s deadline at the link below 2. Use code FAST at the checkout (where it says "add referral code") 3. Make sure you see the price change before entering your credit card info To potentially have the content creation success of ten Dr. Seuss’ (plus two) go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/breakneck Ben Settle P.S. This book is very small, very short, and very expensive. If you judge information by weight & volume then it’ll be a gigantic waste of money for you. It’s simple, “meat & potatoes” info I’ve used to pump out enormous amounts of content quickly over the last couple decades. However, it requires both thinking & ambition to use. And if you need hand-holding, coddling, or so-called AI then you should probably pass on buying it. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA