# in the land of dumbasses the smart ass is king

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 29 Jun 2025 11:44:37 +0000
**ID:** 197bb813bcf59027
---

A reader smells the fake marketing hype too: === Tut tut tut, be careful Ben, we’re not allowed to think poorly of AI hype anymore. Your opinion might get you in “trouble” with the self-proclaimed industry overlords, like mine did. In my admittedly sometimes overzealous Ben settle fandom (still very different to mindless fanboy-ism), I basically — & I believe truthfully — said that, going by the bombardment of AI offers I receive in my inbox, AI hype has flipped pretty much everyone except Ben. That everyone’s new strategy (or shtick) seems to be to play both sides by saying they don’t believe in all the AI hype while… erm… simultaneously bombarding us with overhyped AI offers non-stop. And that I think you’d probably make more than others if you participated, but it looks like you’re not willing to sell out. Truthfully, I wasn’t actually trying to say everyone else is a sell out. There are people I really like & respect who participate in all the hype, after all. I was actually just saying I notice YOU don’t sell out no matter how much you stand to gain with these things. But I guess an oh-so unforgivable opinion like that makes one an industry villain these days haha ==== He makes some good points, especially those trying to play both sides. I was telling Stefania recently how me talking about this topic the way I do demonstrably drives lots of opt-ins off my list. And it has been for months. This email will do the same. Good. I cannot help them, and they really should find some prompt fondler to get a dopamine drip from. I’m a sell to the foxes, not to the dogs kinda guy anyway. And the more dogs that leave, the more room there is for foxes. The dogs should be haunting LinkedIn not my email list, they’ll be happier. It’s full of not only generative so-called AI-written posts, but the comments are even worse, filled with AI-generated bot-like comments - bunch of parrots all sounding the same and using the same exact lines. If it wasn’t so funny it’d probably be a bit creepy. Whatever the case, all this so-called AI grifting & grooming merely tells me that: (1) My list has been long overdue for a purging, which this topic does quite nicely, and... (2) The spittle-on-the-carpet so-called AI goo-fanboy hivemind virus has a way to go before it runs its course. Until then: In the land of dumb asses the smart ass is king, so I'm tripling down on it all. Mocking the nerds worshipping the corporate driven AI Narrative as religious idol (literally) and even trying to create girlfriends out of it (also literally) will continue until morale improves, while I try to figuratively save whatever copywriting souls I can. For those who agree with me on this: The good news is, fapGPT is literally making the enemy dumber by the day. All of this so-called AI marketing hype is just another form of what Dan Kennedy has long described as “marketing incest” - which works like any other kind of incest. Eventually it grinds to a halt, the bubble pops, and all the dumb money that propped it up flees to the next fun, loud noise in the goo-roo casino. What’s left over after that as far as the technology goes will be useful and worth exploring. And the shovels sellers will move on while the majority of miners are still broke. Circle of life, and all that. One last thing now that the children have excused themselves: All of this is not only my opinion on the whole so-called AI shtick, but it’s also built-in Infotainment. i.e., merging information with entertainment. Many people reading this hate what I have to say, while many are nodding along agreeing. That’s just good drama. Which is good for engagement. Which is, yes, good for the ol’ box office gross. Enter the July Email Players issue: It’s all about Infotainment, analyzing various methods of entertainment and showmanship and even career strategy (that can be directly applied to businesses online) used by some of the shrewdest Performers who ever lived. If you want to drill deep into Infotainment listen to entertainers whose survival depends on it. Something you can do my reading the July Email Players issue. You can read the specifics of what’s inside in the PS below. To subscribe before tomorrow’s deadline to get it go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s what the July Email Players issue teaches: * The “you can go to hell!” headline (or subject line) secret to getting so much engagement it’ll probably freak you out the first time you use it. * A crazy-ass Method Acting trick that helped my sales copy build a six figure per month business in the golf niche. (I’d never even played golf at the time, yet this trick beat the hell out of the control written by a far more seasoned golf niche copywriter right out the gate.) * The “multiple personality” phenomenon for writing world class email and sales copy. (If you haven’t “heard” the voices of the markets you’ve written to haunting your psyche 24/7 years after writing the copy, it means you’re still sane, but probably not making the sales you could. Use at your own risk.) * The semi-insulting reason reason Email Players subscribers without the ability to think abstractly struggle with using the content. (Something to consider before subscribing - don’t say you weren’t warned.) * How to make your emails, social media, sales copy more fun for people to consume than their favorite Netflix, Hulu, Apple, Amazon, and other streaming shows/movies. * An ingenious method (used by Marlon Brando in his most celebrated roles) that can potentially ramp up your email engagement and sales as much as 2 or even 3x over time . * A sneaky acting technique (I’ve never seen a single marketing goo-roo teach) seen in “The Godfather” that created chillingly perfect performances... and how to use it to create such almost chillingly strong relationships with your leads, prospects, customers, and clients they may not want to buy from anyone BUT you. * Advice to people who write emails and social media posts in advance to potentially cut your writing time in half - and without using TikTok brain-level generative AI. * The single best free resource (found on Facebook) I’ve ever used for hammering out infotaining emails, social media posts, audio/video content, and even sales copy. (Next time you get “stuck” for ideas simply go to this Facebook page, read a post or two, and watch as interesting, engaging, and cashflow-creating content will probably flow right out of your brain. That’s been my experience, at least.) * A shrewd market research tip from actor Christopher Lloyd that make your business a pile of new sales almost immediately - and possibly even the first time you use it. (A caveat: if you suck at pattern recognition this tip WILL NOT work. Fair warning...) * The 6-word “folk horror” secret behind some of the highest grossing sales letters ever penned. * The little-talked about infotaining sales letter/email template (used in certain Gary Halbert and John Carlton ads - if you know what to look for) I’ve been quietly using in my most engaging content for over 20 years. * A beat-for-beat breakdown of one of the most profitable emails I’ve ever written that was 14 PAGES long! (Email goo-roos saying long emails don’t “work” should be ignored. And this email proves it. Inside I walk you through my 14-page monster you can probably use in your very next email to get more engagement & sales, if you choose.) * The “never have to worry about money ever again” secret used by Bruce Willis and Samuel Jackson to get all the money, fame, and respect they could stand... even though they made far MORE box office duds than successes. (This trick was also used by Stallone, Keanu Reeves, Mel Gibson, Arnold, and others... and if you know what you’re doing, you can apply this directly to your own business to STEAL engagement and sales right out from under your competitors’ noses.) * A dire warning from a Mad Man-era advertiser whose advice seems almost like prophecy today for anyone using generative so-called “AI” to create content. Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA