# A-list copywriter comes out of trans closet

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 31 May 2025 21:45:29 +0000
**ID:** 197285024a0251d6
---

True story: Last year on a Twitter Spaces call Email Players subscriber John Wood and I hosted a Q&A. And one of the people who chimed in during the Q&A (admittedly at my own inner copywriting fanboy request) was the great, and esteemed A-list copywriter Doug D’Anna. I’ve known Doug since 2007 when I interviewed him for a book I wrote. And that ONE interview is, word-for-word, probably the most valuable copywriting/email training I possess. Not because of “technique.” But overall approach. However, on this Spaces call we did talk technique. And, specifically, he came out of the closet as far as revealing his big secret (he said it was one of the single most important techniques he used) to knocking out one blockbuster control ad after another when he was in the game. And that secret: “transition sentences” What I call “trans copywriting” to rankle the overly pedantic on my list. I know that disappoints those wanting to hear about a copywriter LARPing as the opposite sex. They can now safely delete this email, and miss the big lesson: Doug said those little transition “connector” sentences, phrases, or mere words (could be just a single word) - a paragraph unto themselves, easy on the eye to follow and break up the page - that help the reader go from one paragraph to another was one of the reasons his copy pulled so well. I’m always experimenting with trans copywriting like this. And the better I get at it, the more engagement/sales my copy gets. I go into more detail about this in the June Email Players issue. And, specifically, showed how I used them and where for best effect. Since the copy I show was a 6x11 direct mail postcard, I did not have the luxury of writing super short paragraphs to fit everything in, nor did I have the luxury of using bullets if I wanted to get the whole message I wanted to tell in. I also had to use my transitions sparingly, too, as I was already pushing the boundaries of boomer-friendly font size to fit as much copy as I could, so didn’t want to push it any further. Every millimeter counts in direct mail unlike online. And if you want to see the postcard that won the test to drive the most opt-ins to our website you can read the precept-upon-precept analysis of that winning piece (along with the losing piece - but I only analyze the winning one) inside the June Email Players issue. But, only if you hurry. Today is the deadline. After that, I send the list to the printer, and that’ll be that. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here is a quickie “snap shot” of what you will learn if you hurry: * An ingenious writing secret (found in popular old detective novels) that can help make your blatant selling ads feel like content. * A sneaky way to “pre-test” an ad to help know if it’s going to win or bomb before spending any time or money running it. * How deliberately including a “pinch” (just a pinch!) of outright psychopathy can help create, build, and grow a business in the diet niche. (NOTE: discernment and being able to read between the lines is required if you’re going to use this bit of knowledge I learned from an old Gary Halbert diet promotion campaign.) * What the great A-list copywriter Doug D’Anna recently taught me (on a live call) about what is perhaps the #1 body copy secret for turning ice cold leads into red hot sales. * A clever way to use a prospect’s own mailbox to help drive up response and sales if you use direct mail. * Probably the #1 most profitable copywriting technique I have ever learned that helped even my early “mid” level sales copy pull like crazy - including when competing against far better copywriters. (This technique haunts nearly every ad and email I write - including in THIS email you’re reading as I use it “on you.” Details on page 16 inside.) * A little-known trick (I learned directly from one of the best publicity experts who ever lived) for writing tighter, stronger, and more responsive sales copy. * A word-for-word email I sent a business partner explaining exactly how to grow a strong and ever-growing customer/client base. (Including during times like now where most businesses are hemorrhaging sales & customers left & right with no end insight!) * A real life case study in how writing a “Hail Mary pass” ad (that clients will hate and you’ll probably have trouble even getting tested) can blast your response far higher than playing it safe. * A stupid, amateur, and all-too-common landing page mistake that can kill your direct mail campaign response. (Yes, I, your ever-humble daily narrator made this idiotic blunder in a recent direct mail test to drive opt-ins to a web page... and even though we still did exceptionally well, we could have gotten probably 5-10x MORE response had I not had my head up my arse about this.) * A secret way (copy chiefs will almost certainly despise - so don’t expect anyone to cheer you on if you do it) for copywriters to use LOSING ads and sales letters in their swipe files to write winners that break sales & response records. * A ridiculously responsive headline template invented by the late, brilliant copywriter Gene Schwartz that I have yet to see fail. (It can also work as a template for writing your sales pitch openers, too, if you struggle with those.) * How to “soften” big, crazy claims & benefits (assuming they are true) so they are far more believable and far less likely to set off someone’s “bull shit” detector. * How to write sales copy in a way where the reader is more likely to think “this guy can’t be lying” as he reads it. (Doesn’t guarantee he will buy or respond, but it should at least get you a fair reading and chance to sell him if you do it right.) * How to use the ancient “law of the jungle” in your ads & emails to potentially want to buy what you’re selling even if they originally had no interest in what you’re writing about. * A secret used by history’s greatest military generals (Napoleon and Alexander the Great especially especially advocated this) for winning war campaigns you can also use to win more copywriting, email, and other marketing campaigns. (Gene Schwartz advocated doing this in copywriting as well, and so have many other A-list copywriters I’ve studied. With all of them retiring it’s almost like a lost art now.) * The “butt clench” test to know if you are pushing hard enough with your guarantees. * Advice I got straight from the world’s greatest direct mail strategist that can help you sell to ice cold leads who have no idea who you are with no real reason to listen to a word you say. * The Phil Donahue daytime talk show secret to profiting from boring “I like the color of the product packaging” type testimonials that don’t really say anything useful. (This won’t work for all testimonials, but if you can use it with even ONE of them, you will likely see a dramatic rise in response.) * A reverse psychology copywriting technique that can potentially help get even the most jaded & skeptical leads, prospects, and customers to chase you instead of you chasing them. * An admitted twisted secret I recently used for getting far higher response to a direct mail campaign (I suspect it might also work online, probably, although I admittedly have yet to test it. Anyway, do what you want with this info, I am merely showing you what I did to get 5x the average direct mail response.) * How creating a “double readership path” in your sales copy can potentially destroy your sales and response. (This flies in the face of a lot of copywriting books - but like all rules it can and, sometimes should, be broken. See page 20.) * A secret taught by the late, great Jim Rutz (one of the top 3 copywriters, easy, of his day) about how to write to leads in the finance space that can help get both higher response and better customers. * Why so many old school direct mail guys are online and don’t really do much cold direct mail themselves anymore. * A nuanced look at what I believe is the perfect copywriting “tone” for selling to super jaded and skeptical markets where people are (literally, this is what goes through their head) looking at every sentence you write and thinking, “this is bull shit” and looking for reasons to delete, click away, or (if direct mail) toss you out. * Speaking of guarantees: How to cover your arse from getting overrun with fraudulent refunders who love to buy and frivolously refund. * A real life example of how to use “social engineering” on the sneak in your calls to action for higher response and better quality customers. More info before tonight’s deadline here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA