# Your baptizement into the world of Old Man Infotainment

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 18 Jul 2025 02:14:50 +0000
**ID:** 1981b502d9dc3e33
---

“Ed, I don’t even know how I see my own role [in The Tonight Show]. Let’s just go down and entertain the hell out of them.” - Johnny Carson Once upon a time, before I knew about the creepiness of its operation and some of the speakers they edify, I thought it’d be fun, and possibly profitable, to apply to do a TEDx talk in Roseburg, OR (“The Burgle”) where I lived only an hour and a half away from at the time. The topic of my talk? “Why Infotainment Is The Future Of Persuasive Communication” But alas... my application was received, processed, and… BZZZT! - denied. Dead on arrival. But, that makes the concept no less valuable. If you need proof of this, simply look around: Do the vast majority of kids prefer reading text books for school or watching TV (or YouTube, TikTok, etc)? Do adults prefer going to snooty plays or going to blockbuster movies? Do all those people with a fat copy of “War & Peace” on their book shelf spend more time reading that or their favorite gossip-rag from the grocery store checkout line? Do they read research papers or scroll social media? The evidence of this is everywhere. Simply look at what they’re spending their time and money on. The point: Businesses routinely lose out on tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, and even millions in sales each year because they think education is more important than entertainment when it comes to selling. They think having the “BEST” product or service is more important than an enjoyable buying experience. And, they consider themselves “above” utilizing entertainment to capture the minds (and dollars) of their entertainment-addicted customers. And don’t worry: If you think your list too “sophisticated” to respond to such marketing, infotainment takes many forms. Including “safe” & even dignified forms. The kind even super uptight businesses can feel comfortable using to their uptight customers. And no matter which form you use, it can let you take even the most boring, mundane, and dry aspects of your product or service… and make it fun, exciting, and so irresistible… people might even look forward to buying from your business. This is when your sales presentations, emails, ad copy, social media posts, direct mail, informational content, videos, podcasts, public talks, interviews, advertisements, and even your customer service can potentially go from being something people are at best bored by, and at worst emotionally (if not physically) backing away from… to being something they can’t get enough of, demand more of, and cheerfully buy abundantly of. More: This is why infotaining “news analysis” programs often get more rabid viewers than hard news programs… why infotaining politicians like Donald Trump live rent free inside the heads of half the world’s population and get the lion’s share of media and public attention whether they “deserve” it or not… and, why I believe - regardless of your business, experience, or marketing savviness now - after you read my Infotainment Jackpot (on sale today) book you, too, will know it, and be able to apply this mysterious skill to your business to potentially (and possibly very quickly) make a lot more sales than you are now. Does that sound like hype? Totally understandable. But, if you suspend your annoying skepticism for the short time it takes you to read the book, I think you will see an entire new world opening up for you and your business you didn’t even know was possible. All right, enough of my yammering. Here’s the deal: I believe every day you aren’t using this amazing concept of infotainment in your business, is a day you probably aren’t getting more business, more sales, and more profit, while giving your customers and leads a thrilling and satisfying experience they can’t get enough of at the same time. And if you want to get the exact methodology I use for over $100.00 off the regular price, head on over to the link below before the Sunday 7/20 at midnight (EDT) deadline Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/jackpot Use this code at the checkout: BENGOOLIE And make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA