# How to turn a ho into a household name brand

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 20 Apr 2025 11:45:30 +0000
**ID:** 1965304be6f44da6
---

True story: While back, I got to talking to an Email Player of the Horde in the entertainment business. And, specifically, I told him about a series of books I’d been reading I suspected he’d find quite useful. Especially in light of him having just read my “Brand Barbarian” book. Here was what I told him: === I am reading the first of 4 volumes called Backstory. These books are interviews with various screen writers who worked on iconic movies since back in the 20s and 30s up to contemporary times. In this first volume I am reading an interview with a screenwriter who did a lot of work with Hitchcock and other famous old school movie directors. He was asked about writing scripts, and about the limitations of writing for A-list actor at the time Gary Cooper. His response is pure gold for copywriters and marketers who struggle with the copywriting part, and should give hope to those who struggle with building the kind of brand where customers want to buy everything they sell, just because of the brand, and even if their content and products aren’t the “best.” Here is what the screenwriter said when asked about writing scenes for Gary Cooper: “You were really up against it with Gary Cooper. He was not a great actor. He was a personality.” === Not-so-ironically I was back-and-forthing about this exact topic again just the other day, too. And there is a lifetime of branding wisdom in those 3 sentences most people will miss. The most important of those lessons being simply this: Unless it's ice cold leads, nobody buys just your product or service — they buy you first. This is what all the copywriting & marketing fanboys miss, even as they hear some goo-roo shallowly talk about it on stage. It is also why so many of the really good marketers struggle and never emerge as instantly recognizable brands anyone cares about… and why they ultimately have to work 100 times harder than they need to. Take Kim Kardashian, for example. She is not a world class “copywriter.” But, she leveraged a sex tape from her ho phase to build a household name brand so powerful and well-known she gets paid nearly a million dollars just to write & send a tweet or post about a brand on Instagram (that nobody had even heard of 3 seconds prior) that then creates world-famous brands in the blink of an eye. World class “copywriting” can't do that. Because it ain’t a function of copywriting or marketing. It’s a function of having a vicious, merciless, “Take no prisoners alive” brand people love buying from. Enter my book “Brand Barbarian.” You won’t have to make a sex tape like KD to get that brand going. Because the book shows you exactly how — even starting from scratch — you can potentially create a million dollar brand for your business and whip up your own ferocious horde of “berserker”-like fans wanting to buy everything you sell, too. It beats the pants off the fluffy nonsense preached by iPhone-filtered livestream queens, image-obsessed influencers, & broke branding coaches. And I believe it can work for your business even if you shun social media, rarely travel, & have nothing but contempt for selfies. It’s also on sale at 25% off until tonight Sunday, 4/20 at midnight EDT. Here’s the link to get it at the discount while you still can: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/brand Use this code at the cart: AXE And make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA