# Hell-bound World-Building secrets

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 17 Oct 2025 14:45:27 +0000
**ID:** 199f2a39c56909e1
---

One of my favorite business World-Builders is comicbook artist-turned-$300 million per year toy company owner: Todd McFarlane. He started out as a freelance comic book artist back in the 1980s. And once he realized he couldn’t be a professional baseball player, he self-taught himself comicbook drawing, which is an interesting copywriting lesson in and of itself. (Short version: He sat there and would spend an entire week drawing just ONE thing he was not good at - like a knee, for example, from as many angles as he could. Then he’d move on to a different body part, or background object, building, etc. Great way to teach yourself copywriting if applied to headlines, bullets, stories, closes, opening paragraphs, etc, incidentally…) Back to his journey: He first was a freelance artist. Then he got some regular titles including some Batman and other big titles. As his popularity grew, he got the Incredible Hulk title for a while. Then, after that, he became the Amazing Spider-Man artist where he really got big. So big in fact, he wanted to go off and do his own thing or work on a smaller title where he’d have more creative freedom. Working on a big title meant a lot of interference. He couldn’t even draw a fat man, for example, without getting permission from the top editors. But instead of letting Todd - Marvel’s cash cow at the time - do that, they gave him his own Spider-Man title to both write and draw. So he did that for a year or so, and his popularity swelled even bigger. People loved his art. His stories and especially his dialogue really sucked (even he admitted it). But… nobody cared. It simply didn’t matter that his writing sucked out loud. His art was the “draw,” pun absolutely intended. And he was making over a million dollars per year with royalties, if I remember correctly. But then he got tired of Marvel being so cheap. He also was sick of the interference he had even at that level. And he realized no amount of money was worth that. And so, being a true entrepreneurial type, he walked away from it and co-founded Image Comics - which he did with several other popular Marvel artists who all left with him simultaneously. So now he had his own comicbook that he wrote, pencilled, inked, produced. His title was called Spawn, which is a hell-bound, tragic character he created when he was 16. Side bar: Never let your old ideas die. My recent Email Players comicbook stories I've been publishing the last few years are based on ideas I had as a kid. And my novels also incorporate ideas from my teenage years. As do many emails I write today. Nothing to do with World-Building, and yet has everything to do with it, if you are paying attention… Anyway, this was all back in the early 90’s. Pre-online marketing, with no social media campaigns or fanfare, if that tells you something. And even though he could have done anything he wanted... and even though almost all his peers were flip-flopping around, launching and re-launching, many abandoning their titles, etc… Todd just stuck with this format for 30+ years now. This year is the 33rd year of Spawn’s continuous publication. Going on nearly 400 issues, plus various spin-offs, one shot stories, movies, TV, etc. But that ain’t all: Todd wasn’t satisfied with just creating his own comicbook company and publishing his own IP and characters and getting rich off that. No, that’d be too easy. And for a guy like him, it’d be the kiss of death. Again, Todd McFarlane is a true entrepreneur. Listen to any of his interviews and this becomes obvious. So not long after all his success at the comicbook, he did the smart play and created a toy company around it. I believe his company is worth well over $300 million last I checked. And he creates and designs toys for a lot of other IP outside his own creations. There was also a Spawn movie back in 1997, with a reboot of that in development now, as well as a Spawn TV show. No single creator has ever done, to my knowledge, what Todd has done as an independent comicbook publisher and creator of his own characters. So to say Todd created a “World” would be a gigantic understatement. He really created a World/business people love to enter and don't want to leave. And all because he diligently and doggedly stuck with that idea he had, didn't get distracted by trends or FOMO, and stayed focused. He also stubbornly stuck to his format (that everyone kept trying to get him to change, of course - that's what people do, and why they must be ruthlessly ignored - even if you have to be hostile about it, as I have, many times...) and continually built, grew, and expanded his World. Something else to think about: The reality is most marketers don’t have the discipline or attention span for this. They’re too easily bored and/or too easily distracted and susceptible to corporate pushed FOMO. “Ben what do you think of AI!!!” I don't think much about it, or use it, for anything that's better done with humanity. But for now it’s just a Mad Dash and a growing bubble. Most marketers are far too addicted to dopamine drips from FOMOO and “NEW!” and the silly fantasy of being the entrepreneur who jumps out of the plane and builds the parachute on the way down. And so they are easily bored by their own marketing and what works, then assume (because they are emotionally projecting) their market is just as bored as they are - and start switching things up just because, chase another marketing media, abandon what works (like traffic -> opt-in page - daily emails to a sales page forever... literally still how most direct response revenue is generated online to this day...) etc. The result? They are constantly chasing the market. While we World-Builders have the market chasing us . Yes, you have to do a little bit of chasing at first to get them into your World. Especially if you’re still wet behind the ears at business & marketing. And no matter how big you are or how seasoned you are… you still have to be creating doorways into your World. And once in, the World should be what keeps them there, and not you chasing them around trying to bar the exits with cheap tricks and nonsense. Anyway, here's the rub: All of this is a very small taste of what I talk about inside the evil caucasian-colored pages of my book: “ParaSELL Universe” The book is about the twin concepts of World-Building and a term I invented called “6G Marketing Warfare” - where selling, pitching, marketing, and promoting (directly or indirectly) can be done well before anyone sees an offer, or before a product is even created, with most of the selling being done by that company’s fans & customers (as well as its haters & trolls). And sometimes potentially without those customers even being aware of it by you using everyone and everything as a marketing media to sell with. And as far as World-Building goes: Todd is one of many World-Builders I mention and talk about and analyze. But of all of them, his is probably what I mostly use as a beacon and guide (not a even framework, and certainly not a template) for what I do with Email Players, and my other ventures. And, yes, I go into detail about ways I do so inside. Not to swipe and can & clone or whatever, which can't really be done. And only amateurs will approach it that way. I am talking about making the psychology of World-Building a way of living life and doing business - now and in the future, for whatever you do. But before you get too excited, realize this is easily the most expensive book I sell. But, if you buy it before Sunday 10/19 at midnight EDT it’s yours at a 30% discount. ($861.00 vs the $1,230.00 it retails for) Use code ZOE by the deadline at the checkout (where says “add referral code). And make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/parasell Ben Settle P.S. This book is made up almost entirely of these ten Email Players issues (October 2020, December 2020, April 2021, July 2021, September 2021, January 2023, February 2023, August 2023, September 2023, and November 2023) + the transcript of a private consult I did for one of my customers who wanted some help in how to think about World-Building specifically. So if you already possess any of the above issues, you’ll have to decide whether it is worth buying ParaSELL Universe or not. Please think carefully before purchasing, either way. This is a significant investment. And it should not be frivolously purchased. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA