# Brilliant copy won't sell a turd

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 01 Jun 2025 04:45:15 +0000
**ID:** 19729cf21cc581ac
---

One of the best copywriting quotes I ever heard is from my pal Doberman Dan Gallapoo: “Brilliant copy won’t sell a turd” I suspect anyone who’s been in the game long enough knows this is true. Especially if you’ve ever had to take a client job out of need to eat and sleep under a roof from a client selling a crap product or service, and put everything you had into it. Even if it “made sales” the client (and, by extension, you) lose. Refunds, bad word of mouth, blame, finger-pointing, take over. More: Just as brilliant copy won’t sell a turd, brilliant copy on a landing page won’t transmute a turd either. I know this first hand... because I recently made this classic blunder myself. In my case, I wrote some direct mail postcards to drive traffic to our Low Stress Trading offer. And while even the losing postcard did 3x the industry average for response according to people much more seasoned with direct mail than myself... I did something extremely stupid to waste a lot of those leads. Actually, together, Troy and I did several stupid things. Just amateur hour type stuff. But probably the worst of those blunders: Not having the web page we sent them to mobile optimized. This is especially embarrassing for us because we literally co-own a company selling mobile app technology, and are more familiar with the mobile experience than the average polar bear, or at least should be. But alas... No. We wasted a lot of good traffic that way who went on their phones only to see a giant wall of text. We will never know how many MORE opt-ins we would have got - and we already did a good number of them, which only makes it more devastating to my ego - but we know it would have been a lot. Not just due to common sense. But also because, around that time, we ran the winning postcard as a space ad in the Oregon Eagle newspaper I have some ownership in. And before we did that, the owner, Email Players subscriber Richard Emmons, was the one to point out my blunder and suggested we fix it. And we did. And when we did, we saw opt-ins start to go up. Unfortunately, there was only about a 3 week period where 80% of your direct mail response comes in. And we were at the tail end of that 3 weeks. Yeesh. Lesson learned... But you know what? That wasn’t the only stupid mistake we made. The mistake above hurt our opt-ins. But the other mistakes we did that I talk about inside the June Email Players issues (good cautionary tales whether you sell online or offline, doesn’t matter) hurt our sales. Big time. To the point where we both kind of shake our heads at it. My only solace is many other greater copywriters/marketers than myself have made the same or even worse blunders. Like, for example, the late Gary Halbert talking about a full page newspaper ad where the only way to order was by phone and he forgot to put the phone number in. Admittedly, ours was not that bad. But they were in the same ballpark. And you will see a lot of marketers - even seasoned marketers - making the same mistake in their campaigns online all the time if you pay attention. I’d say this is even more rampant when you see what people are doing on social media. Again, I cover all this in the June Email Players issue. Sometimes you can amp up sales simply by NOT doing what someone is doing. I daresay that could be the case with our own blunders. So anyway: Brilliant copy can’t sell a turd or transmute a bad landing page into being not-a-turd. If you want to get in on the June Email Players issue before I send the list to the printer in a bit, this is your final, last warning to do so. You can read more about what’s inside in the PS below. Or else to subscribe while you still have a chance to do so go here immediately: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s what awaits your righteous self inside the June issue: * A secret way (copy chiefs will almost certainly despise - so don’t expect anyone to cheer you on if you do it) for copywriters to use LOSING ads and sales letters in their swipe files to write winners that break sales & response records. * A ridiculously responsive headline template invented by the late, brilliant copywriter Gene Schwartz that I have yet to see fail. (It can also work as a template for writing your sales pitch openers, too, if you struggle with those.) * How to “soften” big, crazy claims & benefits (assuming they are true) so they are far more believable and far less likely to set off someone’s “bull shit” detector. * How to write sales copy in a way where the reader is more likely to think “this guy can’t be lying” as he reads it. (Doesn’t guarantee he will buy or respond, but it should at least get you a fair reading and chance to sell him if you do it right.) * How to use the ancient “law of the jungle” in your ads & emails to potentially want to buy what you’re selling even if they originally had no interest in what you’re writing about. * A clever way to use a prospect’s own mailbox to help drive up response and sales if you use direct mail. * Probably the #1 most profitable copywriting technique I have ever learned that helped even my early “mid” level sales copy pull like crazy - including when competing against far better copywriters. (This technique haunts nearly every ad and email I write - including in THIS email you’re reading as I use it “on you.” Details on page 16 inside.) * A little-known trick (I learned directly from one of the best publicity experts who ever lived) for writing tighter, stronger, and more responsive sales copy. * A word-for-word email I sent a business partner explaining exactly how to grow a strong and ever-growing customer/client base. (Including during times like now where most businesses are hemorrhaging sales & customers left & right with no end insight!) * A real life case study in how writing a “Hail Mary pass” ad (that clients will hate and you’ll probably have trouble even getting tested) can blast your response far higher than playing it safe. * An ingenious writing secret (found in popular old detective novels) that can help make your blatant selling ads feel like content. * A sneaky way to “pre-test” an ad to help know if it’s going to win or bomb before spending any time or money running it. * How deliberately including a “pinch” (just a pinch!) of outright psychopathy can help create, build, and grow a business in the diet niche. (NOTE: discernment and being able to read between the lines is required if you’re going to use this bit of knowledge I learned from an old Gary Halbert diet promotion campaign.) * What the great A-list copywriter Doug D’Anna recently taught me (on a live call) about what is perhaps the #1 body copy secret for turning ice cold leads into red hot sales. * A stupid, amateur, and all-too-common landing page mistake that can kill your direct mail campaign response. (Yes, I, your ever-humble daily narrator made this idiotic blunder in a recent direct mail test to drive opt-ins to a web page... and even though we still did exceptionally well, we could have gotten probably 5-10x MORE response had I not had my head up my arse about this.) * A secret used by history’s greatest military generals (Napoleon and Alexander the Great especially especially advocated this) for winning war campaigns you can also use to win more copywriting, email, and other marketing campaigns. (Gene Schwartz advocated doing this in copywriting as well, and so have many other A-list copywriters I’ve studied. With all of them retiring it’s almost like a lost art now.) * The “butt clench” test to know if you are pushing hard enough with your guarantees. * Advice I got straight from the world’s greatest direct mail strategist that can help you sell to ice cold leads who have no idea who you are with no real reason to listen to a word you say. * The Phil Donahue daytime talk show secret to profiting from boring “I like the color of the product packaging” type testimonials that don’t really say anything useful. (This won’t work for all testimonials, but if you can use it with even ONE of them, you will likely see a dramatic rise in response.) * A reverse psychology copywriting technique that can potentially help get even the most jaded & skeptical leads, prospects, and customers to chase you instead of you chasing them. * An admitted twisted secret I recently used for getting far higher response to a direct mail campaign (I suspect it might also work online, probably, although I admittedly have yet to test it. Anyway, do what you want with this info, I am merely showing you what I did to get 5x the average direct mail response.) * How creating a “double readership path” in your sales copy can potentially destroy your sales and response. (This flies in the face of a lot of copywriting books - but like all rules it can and, sometimes should, be broken. See page 20.) * A secret taught by the late, great Jim Rutz (one of the top 3 copywriters, easy, of his day) about how to write to leads in the finance space that can help get both higher response and better customers. * Why so many old school direct mail guys are online and don’t really do much cold direct mail themselves anymore. * A nuanced look at what I believe is the perfect copywriting “tone” for selling to super jaded and skeptical markets where people are (literally, this is what goes through their head) looking at every sentence you write and thinking, “this is bull shit” and looking for reasons to delete, click away, or (if direct mail) toss you out. * Speaking of guarantees: How to cover your arse from getting overrun with fraudulent refunders who love to buy and frivolously refund. * A real life example of how to use “social engineering” on the sneak in your calls to action for higher response and better quality customers. One last time, here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Tomorrow? Something else... and totally different. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA