# How I apply World-Building to Email Players

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 20 Oct 2025 02:44:49 +0000
**ID:** 199ff82e4bfb0c94
---

Since I mentioned comicbook creator & toy biz founder Todd McFarlane recently: I was not exaggerating in the slightest when I said he has been one of the #1 guiding factors in how I approach my business' World-Building. Especially when it comes to how I approach Email Players. Not in “what” I write about. But in how I treat this particular character in my World. Yes, I said "character." As every offer is a character in my World. And Email Players is my main character around which all the other characters function. And one time Todd talked about what he said to other creators when they asked him about his journey and his success. And what he told them is: “You guys don’t have to keep creating 1,000 different characters. You create A character that’s successful that people are buying and that they like and they identify with, and stick with that. That’s your Mickey Mouse.” It’s very important that he used the description: “That is your Mickey Mouse.” And it’s an extremely important question to ask yourself. I know people who been in this business for 30+ years who still can’t answer: “What is your Mickey Mouse?” For me, Email Players is my Mickey Mouse. And there is a reason I’m about to celebrate the newsletter’s 15th anniversary next year, while almost all other print newsletters in my niche that popped up since have come and gone in that time. It’s the same reason why I never struggle with what to write about. And it’s also the same reason why I have issues often plotted out 1-2 years in advance. Even longer in some cases. And, yes, it’s the same reason why that, while the newsletter has changed a lot since it launched in 2011, it is still essentially the same offer/character - only better. It’s amusing when someone assumes I taught all the “gold” early on. I remember some idiot in the rugby niche asking about this once. Guy assumed all the gold was already taught, when it's the exact, polar, opposite. And he wanted to know if he’d get access to the back issues he joined. Very small thinker that one. Most online marketers are, at the end of the day, because they can be. You can get a way with a lot online you can’t/couldn’t offline. The offline guys - or those who got their starts offline - tend to think a lot deeper, and approach things a lot more carefully, I have noticed. Anyway, back to the point: Characters/offers that last the test of time are all essentially the same way. I don’t care if you’re talking about Mickey Mouse or Apple computers. They may change, grow, adapt, evolve, get better (hopefully…), but they are still essentially the same as they started. With Email Players, I may have changed the strategy, the approach, the focus, how I use it, even the design of it, etc, which is akin to changing Spider-Man’s costume or relationship status with Mary Jane Watson or his friendship with Harry Osborn, or job status at the Daily Bugle, or something like that. But the “character” and its place in my business’ World has stayed the same. But you gotta find that Mickey Mouse. And then you gotta stick with it. This will almost certainly mean ignoring your social media friends - and even defaulting to purposely DEFYING them and DEFILING their advice as your default mode going forward. Anyway, this is a very long discussion I can’t do justice in an email. But, you can continue it by getting your hot little hands on my book: “ParaSELL Universe” It’s a compilation of ten Email Players issues I’ve written over the last several years that collectively show how to create an alternate reality & marketing “universe” for your business where you’re king & customers/clients potentially buy simply because you decree it. It is based on the twin concepts I’ve pioneered of World-Building & Sixth-Generation Marketing Warfare - where selling, pitching, marketing, and promoting (directly or indirectly) can be done well before anyone sees an offer, or before a product is even created, with most of the selling being done by that company’s fans & customers (as well as its haters & trolls). And sometimes potentially without those customers even being aware of it by you using everyone and everything as a marketing media to sell with. This is not a book one buys (it’s pricey) or treats lightly though. It demands independent thought to apply the info. There is no coach that can walk you through this. To consult a coach about this means you missed the point. This is something you do alone (or with a business partner if you have one obviously), and have to think hard about, execute ruthlessly, and play the long game with not for just weeks, months, and years… but decades and, I would argue, your lifetime. That’s my opinion on it all. Take with whatever size grain of salt you want. But if you buy it before tonight, Sunday 10/19 at midnight EDT it’s yours at a 30% discount. ($861.00 vs the $1,230.00 it retails for). That does not leave you much time. In fact, it's less than an hour from when I am sending this. Once midnight EDT hits the code below expires and it will have been too late. As for the code: Use ZOE by the deadline at the checkout where it says “Add referral code” And make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Here’s the link one last time: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/parasell Ben Settle P.S. This book is made up almost entirely of these ten Email Players issues (October 2020, December 2020, April 2021, July 2021, September 2021, January 2023, February 2023, August 2023, September 2023, and November 2023) + the transcript of a private consult I did for one of my customers who wanted some help in how to think about World-Building specifically. So if you already possess any of the above issues, you’ll have to decide whether it is worth buying ParaSELL Universe or not. Please think carefully before purchasing, either way. This is a significant investment. And it should not be frivolously purchased. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA