# An open letter to the miserly cheapskates on my list

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 03 Nov 2025 16:45:14 +0000
**ID:** 19a4a9be3dcfac7c
---

Today I’m having a sale on many of (not all) the bonuses I’ve included with the various high priced offers I’ve sold over the the past 2 years, specifically. Meaning this: You can get your hot, eager, sticky lil’ paws on a pile of the bonuses I’ve offered during various launches, sales, or affiliate campaigns over the past 2 years that, collectively, would have meant putting out some $2,000+ to buy and/or be subscribed to all the products/subscription offers associated with said bonuses. But, you can access all these bonuses today for a mere... $20. I am doing this for obvious reasons. But also, for those who wanted certain bonuses I’ve offered over the past two years, but either couldn’t afford the products they’d have had to buy to get them… simply weren’t on my list when they were offered… or were such lazy bum procrastinators they waited too long and couldn’t get them due to their own lack of discipline and flakiness. I usually don’t care about the procrastinators and flakes. But, in this case, I will throw even them a righteous bone. That is, until this Friday (11/7) at midnight EST. Here are the details if’n this interests you: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/bb4 NOTE: You'll need a smart phone or iPad to access the content. No exceptions. Ben Settle P.S. If you already have my mobile app be sure to order with the SAME email address you use to access the app now. If you don’t have my free mobile app, follow the simple instructions for downloading & accessing it you will get by email after ordering. If you have any questions from there let me know. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA