# Why I don’t use paid advertising

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 05 Oct 2025 13:45:18 +0000
**ID:** 199b49fb2ccfb6e2
---

I was recently asked by an Email Players subscriber about how to have a referral-based business. And I wanted to share my answer to my entire list, since I'm not and have never been a paid leads guy. The main reason of which is I sell me, and not the thing(s) I sell so much. There are no lists or lead sources looking for me obviously, so I go out and attract 'em, convert 'em, and get 'em to consume what I sell so they want more. This makes for a much longer sales cycle. It also makes for a much smaller, but also much more qualified and pleasant-to-deal-with, lead & customer base that is quite rabid and eager-to-use & profit from the info I sell them. If I was selling something more mass market oriented this would not be the case at all. I’d be running all kinds of paid ads to generate leads. So I do not think what I do is a good idea for everyone, necessarily. But it works for me and always has. And so the leads I generate are basically what Dan Kennedy calls "upstream leads" where they work their way to me. Mostly this has been due to over two decades of benefiting from having done article marketing to drive leads, content marketing to drive leads, list swaps to drive leads, more interviews than I can count to drive leads, building up a blog over 20+ years to get Google to drive leads, working for clients back in the day who have sent me lots of leads... plus my customers who talk me up drive leads, people on my list who talk me up (good or bad) drive leads, trolls who hate my guts drive leads... not to mention leads that come just as a matter of mailing each day and, thus, putting out "tentacles" into the marketplace. Many such tentacles never touch anything and come back void. But many times... and in totally unusual ways... they bring something back. In some cases, something big, which then becomes an upstream lead source unto itself. Once I get them on my list it's my sale to lose and so I focus on having something to say, selling stuff people want to buy, and doing it in a way where they enjoy the experience. But I've also been very, very lazy about all this over the last year or so. Why? Because that was when I started to transition out of being just a book & newsletter publisher and SaaS company owner... and becoming more of an options trader via my business partner Troy Broussard’s Low Stress Trading framework, which is being aggressively used by everyone from guys like Email Players subscriber & former Agora Financial CMO (who oversaw their Legacy Research division sell $1.4 billion in financial newsletters) Jon Alexander... to Email Players subscriber and NY Times Best-selling author (and one of the most prominent political podcasters on the planet) Tom Woods... to copywriters like Email Players subscriber Ian Stanley who can make lots of money but want to put their money into something that actually works to grow it, unlike practically everything they see advertised in the financial offer space. Incidentally, I was in the exact same boat as Ian for many years. Like the proverbial dog chasing a car, but not sure what to with it once caught. Speaking of which: Do you want to know a dirty secret about the financial space? Something many of their copywriters openly have admitted to me? By the time you see some "hack" or "secret" marketed it's already too late. Whatever that hack is, everyone already is doing it, the government wants to regulate it, and you done missed the boat. Not so with Low Stress Trading. There is nothing to “hack” or regulate. The principles behind it have been working since literally 300 B.C.! At this pace, in the next 5-7 years, trading amongst my multiple company's accounts (my own account, Learnistic's account, Low Stress Trading's account, etc) will each individually - on their own - likely completely dwarf anything I do in my book & newsletter company. At that point? I’ll probably license out all my books and let a marketer (or several marketers) who can better exploit them than I have been sell them, while I just focus on selling Email Players only and writing fiction, which I have been getting back into since September 1st writing a new 7 book series of novels. That's my end game plan. But we will see what happens. We truly live in volatile times. And the rule of having at least three streams of income I recently taught in my Email Players Annual #4: After School Special (which was a long, 60+ page letter to Willis about business, money, relationships, marketing, and even theology) recently reigns supreme. As for Low Stress Trading: Starting tomorrow and through Friday I’m selling it to my list. And it will be the last time I sell it at the current $1,000 up front price, before we raise it to $2,000. It’s insanely affordable right now. In fact, we’re trapped by our own success with it in as much as the low price is why so many find it unbelievable. So what can we do, but raise the price? I suspect it won’t be the last time we raise it, either. Plus: I’ll be offering a valuable bonus to those who buy from my referral code starting tomorrow. Specifically: a free copy of one of my super expensive books that sell for as much as $1000+ in some cases. If that interests you, the fun will begin tomorrow so stay tuned. Today? You can get a taste of how I personally use Low Stress Trading myself here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/options/polo Ben Settle P.S. Tomorrow Troy and I will be doing a free training about how all this works. And as a guest on it, we got the above Agora Financial CMO and Low Stress Trading client Jon Alexander to agree to be on it with us. If you want to see why someone like him who has sold $1.4 billion in financial newsletters (has literally probably seen it all) chose Troy's framework as one of his main go-to methods to do his own trading, then see the link in tomorrow's email. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA