# mentally unhinged ravings of a religious lunatic

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 30 Jul 2025 14:15:11 +0000
**ID:** 1985bb1a4d70373c
---

Let me tell you a story. I recently wrote what may or may not be the “best” writing I’ve ever done (that is for others to decide), but is by FAR the most important writing I’ve ever done. It’s also something I’m giving free as a gift to Email Players subscribers next month to celebrate the newsletter’s 14-year anniversary called Email Players "Annual" issue called: "After School Special" It’s 60+ pages long but I spent more time on it than I do most full length books. It’s a letter written to Willis (the reader is basically a voyeur of) in case I prematurely join the choir invisible before he comes of age - with all the most important business, marketing, money/finance, health, and relationship info I want him to know. It also includes some completely off-the-wall about theology I call: “Spooky Spiritual Speculation” I deliberately put this at the end (the final 14 pages) as it admittedly may or may not be of much interest to the vast majority of people who read it. I say that because this last section is not "about" business, marketing, health, or relationships, even if there are many parallels to such. Instead, it’s all about God. And the Devil. And End Times speculation/preparation. It also goes into how to live a more contented life and have peace of mind & self control even when (and I’d argue especially when) life gets so brutally hard it seems everyone in the world has left you or forsaken you. However, I want to give a warning about this last part: I’ve studied the 3 theological topics discussed at the end of After School Special for nearly 30 years. And people tend to think what I write about some of these things are either outright heretical... or else the mentally unhinged ravings of a religious lunatic. However, it is not written “to” anyone on my list who reads it. It is written to Willis, and is first & foremost for him. It’s there to read or not read, accept or not accept, as options for thinking. i.e., I am not going to mindlessly debate Bible thumping strangers online about it. I simply don't have the elevated estrogen levels necessary for arguing online with guys like that, as many-a-reply guy has discovered when I summarily ignore their wall-of-text emails to me. Same goes for anyone who feels the overwhelming atheist urge to want to snark or whatever. It's perfectly okay with me if that creams their lil’ ol' mental twinkie. But they should know my attitude is like David Puddy’s (in Seinfeld) when he told Elaine: “I’m not the one going to hell” Probably won't be many people who read this who any of this applies to. But I say all this just in case, to save people time & set expectations if nothing else. Whatever the case, again: This Email Players Annual #4: After School Special bonus I am sending with the 14-year anniversary August Email Players issue is first and foremost a letter to my own flesh & blood son, who I care about more than anyone in the world along with Stefania. And there was no way I could not help guide him on this aspect of his life, which I believe is far more important in the eternal grand scheme of things than the short term worldly success & gains this Annual issue also teaches about. As for specifics... here’s some of what it teaches: * A shrewd marketing formula invented by a consultant who used to advise the government on how to create propaganda. * A slick negotiation technique that can help “flip the script” in the sociosexual marketplace so women chase you instead of you chasing them. * What to do to your light bulbs that can not only help you get better, deeper, and more restful sleep… but also wake up more energetic, alert, and ready to “do battle” in the morning. * An “under-the-radar” (they don’t exactly teach in business school) trick used by some of the greatest leaders, politicians, and businessmen in history to help get people to cheerfully want to throw new business, opportunities, and cash flow at you. * The #1 trick for falling asleep almost as soon as your head hits the pillow - yes, even if you toss, turn, and stare at the ceiling wide awake each night now! * Money advice inspired by an eccentric golf guru I’ve used for nearly two decades to stay out of debt, buy ownership in multiple businesses with cash, and enjoy a lot more financial peace of mind in today’s volatile economy. * A cash flow technique pioneered by the late businessman Earl Nightingale that can potentially help you escape nearly any kind of financial emergency - especially when you’re desperate, terrified, and the “wolves” at your door demanding to be paid NOW. * A secret way to use an ordinary smart phone to help optimize your blood sugar, circulation, calorie burn, ability to fight off being sick, and have healthier joints, bones, mood, stress levels, and more. * The sleepy, under-known precious metal (NOT gold, silver, copper, platinum, or any of the “usual suspects” you see talked about) that’s by far the most valuable asset you can have in a SHTF (shit-hits-the-fan) economic or even Mad Max-style societal collapse. * Speaking of SHTF scenarios: a simple question you can ask someone to know, potentially with almost 99% certainty, if someone is likely to sell you out. * What is likely THE single cheapest and most potent “pill” ever invented for good health & well being... that needs no prescription, and can probably be acquired nearly anywhere in the world (including countries with shabby healthcare or even no healthcare to speak of.) * A clever strategy used by the banking industry for getting money from people who have none while offering them nothing in return. * How throwing away your sunglasses can be almost like working bona fide miracles on your hormones, energy levels, and mood. * The despised “political prophet” who predicted exactly what the U.S. is experiencing today over 30 years ago… and what he said you can expect to happen in the coming months, years, and decades. * What the “Godfather of personal branding” himself taught about how even rank amateurs can seize the lion’s share of money, engagement, and response in business. * The “anti-attraction” reason why even a lot of rich men who won the genetic lottery in looks are alone, rejected, depressed, even suicidal. * A small “twist” a lot of podcasters (big and small) can put on their funnels that would probably as much as double or even triple their revenue over time if they’re open-minded enough to try it. * How to rid yourself of crippling neediness for women you like that only gives them the so-called “ick” now. * The next best thing to honest-to-goodness “truth serum” for knowing exactly what a woman is thinking, feeling, or plotting no matter how brilliantly she hides her true intentions! * An ancient business secret (found in an old story about the wizard Merlin) that small businesses can use to beat the pants off competitors with better pricing, budget size, sales copy, offers, list quality, brand/name recognition, marketplace positioning, credentials, positioning, influence, audience size, or even value. * Advice from a wise pastor about finding cash flow for something you desperately need without resorting to loans, debt, or having to owe any man anything. * Why one of the best ways for a man to be more successful with women is to try to help them get back together with their ex-boyfriends. * The secret technique I’ve been using for years that can potentially help almost anyone in business go from 0- to 4-figures, 4- to 5-figures, 5- to 6-figures, and, yes, 6- to 7-figures in sales. * Advice to a frustrated and stigmatized Nigerian copywriter who struggles with being taken seriously by clients for no other reason than where he lives. * The dirty little secret big financial newsletter publishers selling some $500 million hedge fund manager’s “system” never tell you. * An almost freakishly profitable copywriting technique old school A-list copywriters would talk to each other about behind closed doors that created whole industries and control ads (and royalties) that’d last for years. * What to eat with every meal that can do wonders for helping optimize your blood sugar, energy levels, and body composition. * The ingenious “forever war” secret you can wage against your competition to (totally legally & ethically) steal the attention, engagement, and even the loyalty & respect of their customers. * The 8-point “get your balls back” protocol for if a woman you love & plan to spend the rest of your life with betrays you, leaves you, or even cheats, divorces, or goes ice cold on you for no reason whatsoever. * Why you should never under ANY circumstance trust your banker! * What a brilliant testosterone health expert & doctor teaches younger men for maximizing higher testosterone levels as you grow older. * The exact program (you might even be able to find on YouTube) I used for getting out from under a mountain of credit card, car note, and student loan debt far faster than almost anyone else I know ever has. * How to be nearly impervious to being knocked off and/or copied/cloned/easily replaced by so-called AI, copycats, pirates, and other assorted cons, criminals, & content burglars. * A stock trading method invented in the 3rd century BC that works even better in the 21st century AD with today’s technology. * The trick to granting yourself “instant energy” whenever you feel sluggish, weak, or lethargic. * How to find, attract, wrangle, and marry a loyal, “ride-or-die” woman. * The two-part way to banish self esteem problems I give young business men when it comes to marketing, copywriting, getting clients, and practically any other business challenges you struggle with. * How to keep your self respect & emotions in check when a woman rejects, ignores, ghosts, or (worse) manipulates and uses you just to get the attention of other men. * What social media “List Laundering” is and how to use it to ramp up your email response & sales. * The sneaky way (certain, very big social media accounts do) the famous movie director Frank Capra used to make himself into one of the richest and most celebrated brands of his time. * A secret direct mail tip found in the New Testament (pioneered by the Apostle Paul) that can help blast up your email campaign response to much higher levels. * How to turn people who have no desire whatsoever to buy anything from you into your own, personal “unwitting” sales force working hard to get you new business. * What I did to “break” a left-wing, feminist-indoctrinated girl boss... and transform her into a submissive, right wing, ride-or-die woman who literally now calls herself... “Genghis Mom.” And so on, and so forth. This is my gift as reward to paying Email Players subscribers. And I suspect it will be especially useful during all the insanity today in business - where people are confused, don’t know who to trust, are not getting the results they want, and don’t know where to turn... constantly bombarded by 19-year olds hiding behind cartoon pfps pretending to be successful while telling them to do the dumbest shyt imaginable, and seducing them with bright shiny objects & so-called AI “prompts”... while I’m over here teaching, using, and building by using the raw fundamentals that work, have always worked, and always will work. Do what you want with that claim. But my horde knows while everyone else writhes around dumbed-down by AI & TikTok. Tomorrow’s the deadline to subscribe in time. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com NOTE: I do NOT ship to Indonesia, China, India, Ukraine, Russia, the Philippines, Thailand, Japan, or Africa. Current Email Players subscribers are “Grandfathered” in, of course. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA