# How to know if your copy is good or flat out sucks

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 28 Apr 2025 23:39:36 +0000
**ID:** 1967ec57f44262c9
---

Email Players subscriber Luke Davenport asks the #1 copywriting question: === My question is what really makes… “Good Copy”? To elaborate on this, as I add things to my toolshed… I often wonder what makes a piece of copy, or sales letter “Good”. Is it SIMPLY… if it sells well? Is it hitting multiple emotional triggers/by the book shit? Is it the fun and engaging stuff that keeps readers… reading? Curious to know your answer to this… so I can have a clarified vision of how I should be writing and WHAT I should be getting better at in my writing everyday. Feel free to turn this into content, or roast me or whatever the fuck lol. I genuinely want to get my tribe like you have your readers/buyers. I love writing, and don’t do it enough. === Let’s start with what does NOT make copy good: * It’s not what impresses one’s Facebook friends the most * Nor is it what impresses one’s favorite copywriting goo-roo, either * It’s definitely not what impresses one’s client, spouse, in-law, or English major niece with a minor in Gender Studies * Frankly, it’s not even what impresses your leads/list/market even though theirs is the only opinion that counts (i.e., they may “like” it, but did they buy?) I argue the following are much better indicators of good copy. Ask yourself: “Did the copy make a good ROI?” If the answer is No then it’s not good, and sucks. Or, at least, it’s not good enough. If the answer is Yes then it's good. Or, at least, it’s good enough, that does not mean it could not be better, tweaked, improved, of course. But at the end of the day, if copywriting is the sport then ROI is the scoreboard. Plus, I would also argue asking did the copy give an exciting customer buying experience, too, which can make them look forward to buying your NEXT thing? There are intangibles like that which cannot be tracked on a spreadsheet to consider, too. Another such intangible is did it bring you the right KIND of customer? Take the direct mail test we did for Low Stress Trading recently. I purposely ignored any and all advice I got about it from an industry pro. Not because I did not respect his opinion, but because by taking his advice we may have still gotten great “response”, but it would have been response from the wrong kind of customer — the exact worst kind of customer we have dealt with and want nothing to do with. So there are many factors at play even beyond ROI. There’s far more nuance to copywriting than a lot of people think. Especially, ironically, copywriters. If you want to get the play-by-play of how I approached writing the two test pieces for the above direct mail campaign for sending traffic to our opt-in page… the winner of which did 5x the industry average for response and the loser still did 3x plus that average (from what I was told, at least), then see the May Email Players issue. This one’s been a long time coming. And many have asked me to write more about it and driving direct mail leads to an email list. Well, guess what? Now’s your chance if this interests you. The deadline is in two days if you want in. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here are a few of the tips inside to give you an idea of what to expect: * Tricks for staying off the bureaucratic radars of big brother in your advertising. * The crazy story behind how I created what is arguably one of the ballsiest offer in the entire financial offer niche…that got us lots of opt-ins who were hyper-engaged practically “leaning in” to hear every word on our zoom presentations. (HINT: we promised $100.00 cash if they felt the SALES PITCH wasted their time — whether they bought anything or not. We were quite nervous running this offer, say the least. It could have potentially ruined us. Especially had I copied the “what’s working now!” ads I was shown.) * An introduction to the man who I believe is the greatest “unsung hero” of marketing funnels — and why you’ve probably never heard of him before. * An almost foolproof way to structure your marketing that can help sell any future offers you create well before you even create them. * The ugly little secret to starting off zoom sales presentations for helping get far more engagement and sales than you do now. There’s a lot more than that inside, but that’s a good taste. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA