# Nobody reads my boring overpriced books?

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 01 Jul 2025 05:45:28 +0000
**ID:** 197c486b112dbc6e
---

So said a self-projecting troll not long ago. Except for, at least, the great Dan Kennedy, who said about one of my most expensive: “I finally went through elBenbo Press page by page during the past couple days. To say the least, it is impressive. As you know, l’ve been in this field for more than 50 years and have seen a lot of “how I do it” books, courses, etc., and have long labeled most as “B.S.”. Rarely does somebody lay out, truthfully, exactly what they have done and do to create and sustain and earn tremendous success as an information marketer, author, publisher. A very few of the ‘old masters’ like Ted Nicholas, Lyman Wood, George Haylings and Dean F. DuVall did. Your magnum opus is more valuable than any of their works.” Anyway, elBenbo Press is not currently for sale. So that is not why I bring this up. No, I only bring this up because it gives you an idea, I believe, of the kind of quality info you can expect if you’ve never bought anything from me. There is a sort of infotainment “signature” I also like to leave on my content I think helps enhance the value, the consumption of the material, the chances of success using it, and the over all experience. Or so my ego likes to think at least. And it’s no different with the July Email Players issue. It’s all about infotainment. Including, I believe, some newish “twists” on how to use it I’ve never taught. And by using these twists, I believe you too can have your own unique fingerprint on your content, clearly separating you in the eyes of your market from the rising number of the idiots fapping themselves blind to generative so-called AI and/or word-for-word swipes as they desperately try to cling on for dear life with all the vanishing clicks, sales, and engagement going on. If you don’t want to do it for the extra sales, then do it for your market. They’ll probably even thank you for it.. This is the last email I am sending about it. After I send the list in to the printer in a few it’ll be too late. So if you want in, best do it now, Pokey, or forever hold your peace. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s what is inside the July Email Players issue: * A crazy-ass Method Acting trick that helped my sales copy build a six figure per month business in the golf niche. (I’d never even played golf at the time, yet this trick beat the hell out of the control written by a far more seasoned golf niche copywriter right out the gate.) * The “multiple personality” phenomenon for writing world class email and sales copy. (If you haven’t “heard” the voices of the markets you’ve written to haunting your psyche 24/7 years after writing the copy, it means you’re still sane, but probably not making the sales you could. Use at your own risk.) * The semi-insulting reason reason Email Players subscribers without the ability to think abstractly struggle with using the content. (Something to consider before subscribing - don’t say you weren’t warned.) * How to make your emails, social media, sales copy more fun for people to consume than their favorite Netflix, Hulu, Apple, Amazon, and other streaming shows/movies. * An ingenious method (used by Marlon Brando in his most celebrated roles) that can potentially ramp up your email engagement and sales as much as 2 or even 3x over time . * A sneaky acting technique (I’ve never seen a single marketing goo-roo teach) seen in “The Godfather” that created chillingly perfect performances... and how to use it to create such almost chillingly strong relationships with your leads, prospects, customers, and clients they may not want to buy from anyone BUT you. * Advice to people who write emails and social media posts in advance to potentially cut your writing time in half - and without using TikTok brain-level generative AI. * The single best free resource (found on Facebook) I’ve ever used for hammering out infotaining emails, social media posts, audio/video content, and even sales copy. (Next time you get “stuck” for ideas simply go to this Facebook page, read a post or two, and watch as interesting, engaging, and cashflow-creating content will probably flow right out of your brain. That’s been my experience, at least.) * A shrewd market research tip from actor Christopher Lloyd that make your business a pile of new sales almost immediately - and possibly even the first time you use it. (A caveat: if you suck at pattern recognition this tip WILL NOT work. Fair warning...) * The 6-word “folk horror” secret behind some of the highest grossing sales letters ever penned. * The little-talked about infotaining sales letter/email template (used in certain Gary Halbert and John Carlton ads - if you know what to look for) I’ve been quietly using in my most engaging content for over 20 years. * A beat-for-beat breakdown of one of the most profitable emails I’ve ever written that was 14 PAGES long! (Email goo-roos saying long emails don’t “work” should be ignored. And this email proves it. Inside I walk you through my 14-page monster you can probably use in your very next email to get more engagement & sales, if you choose.) * The “never have to worry about money ever again” secret used by Bruce Willis and Samuel Jackson to get all the money, fame, and respect they could stand... even though they made far MORE box office duds than successes. (This trick was also used by Stallone, Keanu Reeves, Mel Gibson, Arnold, and others... and if you know what you’re doing, you can apply this directly to your own business to STEAL engagement and sales right out from under your competitors’ noses.) * A dire warning from a Mad Man-era advertiser whose advice seems almost like prophecy today for anyone using generative so-called “AI” to create content. Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA