# 15 ways to ramp up your email inbox deliverability

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 06 Nov 2025 13:44:54 +0000
**ID:** 19a596af79a693ef
---

This email may admittedly come with a sense of irony. It could be wriggling around in your spam, junk, or promotions tab. And if you're reading it one of those tabs now, that is just a testament to some of the points on the list below in and of itself. All right here goes: 1. Write interesting content people actually want to read 2. Sell offers people want to buy. 3. Mail more often, not less - assuming you’re doing #'s 1 & 2 above 4. Curate your list as aggressively as you can at the opt-in especially 5. Ramp up your email blocking game - i.e., block catch-all addresses, or emails that put things like “help”, “spam”, “newsletters”, “subs”, “subscribe”, etc 6. Block any bogus-looking domains 7. Do the opposite of what any email grifters says who were Facebook experts last month, a crypto expert the month before that, a TikTok expert before that, now are suddenly "AI" experts or whatever... when they still don't even do points 1 & 2 above 8. Do a list scrub immediately to help you identify the bots, spam traps, honey pot addresses that are scraped & harvested by spammers, spam button pushers, as well as undeliverable email addresses, malformed email addresses, & abandoned email addresses seized by ISPs to “spy” on email marketers, etc 9. Encourage people to ask you questions 10. Write opinionated content people have a hard time not replying to 11. Do your own customer service (apply Gary Halbert’s “white mail” warning) 12. Rejoice when trolls & reply guys don’t like you (they don’t even like themselves) and write more of whatever you just wrote to get them riled up enough to natter on about you on social media or in your inbox 13. Periodically sell low ticket offers where lots of customers buy and have to email you to get a link back for the bonus(es) 14. Don’t worry about offending the dogs, concentrate on selling the foxes (more Gary Halbert wisdom) 15. Make sure your DMARC, SPF, and DKIM settings are correct As for who the “best” email deliverability experts to listen to are? Well, I’ll give you a hint: It ain’t anyone prancing around masterminds or conferences or on social media. It certainly ain’t me, either. Nor is it even my business partner in BerserkerMail (that he designed) - former Navy Nuclear Engineer and Executive Director of Technology for Encyclopedia Brittanica-turned software designer Troy Broussard, who is easily one of the top email automation guys on the planet, doing the testing/tracking/automation for tens of millions of emails each month back in his consultant days. Neither of us bill ourselves as deliverability experts. Yet we get abnormally high deliverability amongst our multiple lists across our multiple combined businesses. So who are the real deliverability experts? I talk about that in my elBenbo’s Bargain Bin of Bonuses 4 offer. Specifically, inside the Email X-cellence training. (A recording of a talk I gave to Email Players subscriber Brian Kurtz’s members.) I also tell you about the shoeshine boy-turned world famous motivational speaker & sales author who probably never sent a single commercial email in his entire life, for all I know, that I recommend reading if you never want to have a problem with email engagement, inbox deliverability, or sales for the rest of your business days. As for the specifics of elBenbo’s Bargain Bin of Bonuses 4: This offer consists of a big pile of bonuses I’ve offered during various launches, sales, or affiliate campaigns that, collectively, would have meant putting out some $2,000+ to buy and/or be subscribed all the products/subscription offers associated with said bonuses. But, you can access all these bonuses for a mere... $20. That is, until tomorrow, Friday (11/7) at midnight EST. Anyway, here are the details if’n this interests you: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/bb4 NOTE: You'll need a smart phone or iPad to access the content. No exceptions. And it’ll have to be newer than when Steve Jobs still walked the earth. Ben Settle P.S. If you already have my mobile app be sure to order with the SAME email address you use to access the app now. If you don’t have my free mobile app, follow the simple instructions for downloading & accessing it you will get by email after ordering. If you have any questions from there let me know. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA