# Jousting with a master

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Fri, 30 May 2025 12:40:15 +0000
**ID:** 19721351c04218a2
---

When Gene Hackman died not long ago, I got to reading a bit about Denzel Washington, and why he took the role opposite Gene in the movie Crimson Dawn. He said one reason he took the role was because he wanted to: "joust with a master" And so it was. And so it also was when I wrote the direct mail bit I analyze in the June Email Players newsletter. The first and only person I contacted for help was the great, and esteemed direct mail maestro Craig Simpson. I first worked with him many years earlier when I was doing all the copywriting and emails for a company called Carbon Copy Pro. They wanted to test postcards, too. And so they hired Craig to manage the direct mail campaign which I wrote the copy for. Nothing ever happened with that project, from what I remember. I don’t even think it was tested. If it was, I have zero memory of it. But I did remember thinking he and I have some polar opposite approaches to copywriting. He’s more “text book” about it, and I work more within a copywriting framework of my own creation than a list of copywriting rules & tactics. Anyway, a few years later I interviewed Craig for my Email Players. Specifically, about how to use direct mail to grow an email opt-in list. He started sending me his print newsletter after that, I bought his course on the subject, and I was always a big fan of his approach to direct mail of which he’s a true craftsman. Which brings us to last year: When it came time to do our own direct mail campaign to grow our opt-in list at Low Stress Trading there was simply nobody else I was going to ask than Craig. So I contacted him, we talked with him a bit, he knew exactly what lists we should test for our kind of offer and what format we should use (6x9 postcards), and I scurried off to work on writing the postcards. When he saw my two test panels? It was not much different than his reaction to my Carbon Copy Pro pieces: “I don’t love them” And he gave me a long list of reasons why. And I ignored literally 99% of everything he suggested. And that’s no slight on Craig and his direct mail mastery. What he goes by is the winning pieces he has seen, and so his advice was not “wrong” per se. We were simply targeting a totally different section of the market than his other clients do, who do follow his suggestions. But if I’d followed them? It’d have gotten us all the wrong kinds of customers. Troy (the company is his “baby”) would’ve absolutely hated dealing with them. And, frankly, all three of our attorneys we hire to help keep our ad copy legally compliant (which is a quagmire unto itself - Big Brother literally makes it so, for example, if you’re compliant with one regulatory agency you’re most likely out of compliance with another - just about what one would expect from bureaucrats) would have probably fired us as clients. And so, Craig and I “jousted” over the copy in many ways. It’s in his best interest we get the best results we can, just as it’s in our best interest. But to follow his advice targeting the segment of the market we did that despises what ‘works’ for Craig’s other clients would have only made Troy hate his own customers and would have ended in me having to take a shower after writing the ads to clean off the bull shyt (all the winning pieces to those lists he’d seen - with the exception of one - were rife with bull shyt claims, biz opp-bait copy, and from what I understand of current compliance laws “bait” for big bro). But when I explained it to Craig he understood completely. So again, NO slight on his direct mail mastery, if you do direct mail I highly suggest speaking with him He knows the craft inside and out. And if you joust over copy that's good - you don't learn much from an echo chamber, but you do by conflict. This is a principle as old as the advertising itself. The old Mad Men agency guys knew it, and even sought conflict out. If everyone agreed, usually there was a big problem. Even today, if everyone agrees that is often the kiss of death for an ad. Anyway, all that said: Yes, I ignored 99% of his advice, feedback, suggestions. Except one. There was one thing he said, pointing out a gigantic mistake on my part. A mistake that will probably seem like a small thing to the uninitiated in copywriting. Certainly anyone toking on the AI crack pipe would miss it, as they do any kind of nuance. But I missed it too, when I should have known better, so I can hardly talk. But not Craig. He saw it, pointed it out, and I immediately edited that part. If you use testimonials in your sales copy - online or offline - this bit of advice can, I believe, go a long way towards helping your response. Had I not taken Craig’s advice I have no doubt the results we got as far as driving new opt-ins to our site (over 5x the industry average for the winner, and over 3x the average industry average for the loser) would have been damaged in either big or small ways. The mistake I made? It had to do with the testimonial I used in both pieces. It’s the kind of testimonial one can only dream of having for an offer. In our case, it was from Email Players subscriber Jon Alexander who was the CMO of Agora Financial’s Legacy Research, responsible for selling $1.8 billion in financial newsletters. A guy who has basically seen it all when it comes to trading and investing advice, and endorsed Troy’s framework as the best he’s ever seen and uses himself. So how does one screw up a testimonial like that? Well, I almost pulled that righteous feat off. But luckily I had Craig show me the error of my ways. And if you use testimonials in your advertising you, too, could very well be making this same mistake. I see it all the time in ads. And once you see it, I suspect you, like me, won’t be able to “unsee” it, will identify it, fix it up, and not make the blunder I almost did. It really does seem like a small thing, too. But it’s not. All it takes is ONE sentence - even one WORD, in some cases - to make someone say: “meh, this ain’t for me.” And toss you out. And this is especially true when mailing to cold lists who have zero idea who you are like in this case. Yes, it pays to be paranoid. And inside the June Email Players issue where I analyze the winning postcard precept-upon-precept I show this error I almost made, and how I fixed it (it’s always a quick fix, that’s the good news), on pages 17 & 18. Tomorrow’s the deadline to subscribe in time for this bad-boy. If you want in, I do NOT suggest procrastinating. People foolishly do that and then think I will make “exceptions” for them. No. You snooze, you lose. See the P.S. below for more specifics about what’s inside. Or else, subscribe here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here is what is inside the June Email Players issue: * A sneaky way to “pre-test” an ad to help know if it’s going to win or bomb before spending any time or money running it. * How deliberately including a “pinch” (just a pinch!) of outright psychopathy can help create, build, and grow a business in the diet niche. (NOTE: discernment and being able to read between the lines is required if you’re going to use this bit of knowledge I learned from an old Gary Halbert diet promotion campaign.) * What the great A-list copywriter Doug D’Anna recently taught me (on a live call) about what is perhaps the #1 body copy secret for turning ice cold leads into red hot sales. * A clever way to use a prospect’s own mailbox to help drive up response and sales if you use direct mail. * Probably the #1 most profitable copywriting technique I have ever learned that helped even my early “mid” level sales copy pull like crazy - including when competing against far better copywriters. (This technique haunts nearly every ad and email I write - including in THIS email you’re reading as I use it “on you.” Details on page 16 inside.) * A little-known trick (I learned directly from one of the best publicity experts who ever lived) for writing tighter, stronger, and more responsive sales copy. * An ingenious writing secret (found in popular old detective novels) that can help make your blatant selling ads feel like content. * A word-for-word email I sent a business partner explaining exactly how to grow a strong and ever-growing customer/client base. (Including during times like now where most businesses are hemorrhaging sales & customers left & right with no end insight!) * A real life case study in how writing a “Hail Mary pass” ad (that clients will hate and you’ll probably have trouble even getting tested) can blast your response far higher than playing it safe. * A stupid, amateur, and all-too-common landing page mistake that can kill your direct mail campaign response. (Yes, I, your ever-humble daily narrator made this idiotic blunder in a recent direct mail test to drive opt-ins to a web page... and even though we still did exceptionally well, we could have gotten probably 5-10x MORE response had I not had my head up my arse about this.) * A secret way (copy chiefs will almost certainly despise - so don’t expect anyone to cheer you on if you do it) for copywriters to use LOSING ads and sales letters in their swipe files to write winners that break sales & response records. * A ridiculously responsive headline template invented by the late, brilliant copywriter Gene Schwartz that I have yet to see fail. (It can also work as a template for writing your sales pitch openers, too, if you struggle with those.) * How to “soften” big, crazy claims & benefits (assuming they are true) so they are far more believable and far less likely to set off someone’s “bull shit” detector. * How to write sales copy in a way where the reader is more likely to think “this guy can’t be lying” as he reads it. (Doesn’t guarantee he will buy or respond, but it should at least get you a fair reading and chance to sell him if you do it right.) * How to use the ancient “law of the jungle” in your ads & emails to potentially want to buy what you’re selling even if they originally had no interest in what you’re writing about. * A secret used by history’s greatest military generals (Napoleon and Alexander the Great especially especially advocated this) for winning war campaigns you can also use to win more copywriting, email, and other marketing campaigns. (Gene Schwartz advocated doing this in copywriting as well, and so have many other A-list copywriters I’ve studied. With all of them retiring it’s almost like a lost art now.) * The “butt clench” test to know if you are pushing hard enough with your guarantees. * Advice I got straight from the world’s greatest direct mail strategist that can help you sell to ice cold leads who have no idea who you are with no real reason to listen to a word you say. * The Phil Donahue daytime talk show secret to profiting from boring “I like the color of the product packaging” type testimonials that don’t really say anything useful. (This won’t work for all testimonials, but if you can use it with even ONE of them, you will likely see a dramatic rise in response.) * A reverse psychology copywriting technique that can potentially help get even the most jaded & skeptical leads, prospects, and customers to chase you instead of you chasing them. * An admitted twisted secret I recently used for getting far higher response to a direct mail campaign (I suspect it might also work online, probably, although I admittedly have yet to test it. Anyway, do what you want with this info, I am merely showing you what I did to get 5x the average direct mail response.) * How creating a “double readership path” in your sales copy can potentially destroy your sales and response. (This flies in the face of a lot of copywriting books - but like all rules it can and, sometimes should, be broken. See page 20.) * A secret taught by the late, great Jim Rutz (one of the top 3 copywriters, easy, of his day) about how to write to leads in the finance space that can help get both higher response and better customers. * Why so many old school direct mail guys are online and don’t really do much cold direct mail themselves anymore. * A nuanced look at what I believe is the perfect copywriting “tone” for selling to super jaded and skeptical markets where people are (literally, this is what goes through their head) looking at every sentence you write and thinking, “this is bull shit” and looking for reasons to delete, click away, or (if direct mail) toss you out. * Speaking of guarantees: How to cover your arse from getting overrun with fraudulent refunders who love to buy and frivolously refund. * A real life example of how to use “social engineering” on the sneak in your calls to action for higher response and better quality customers. To subscribe skippity doo dah over here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA