# Napoleon’s sneaky warfare tactic you can use in your copywriting

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 28 May 2025 01:14:57 +0000
**ID:** 19714752b587cd93
---

One of the more interesting lessons I have read about war that guys like Alexander the Great, Napoleon, etc did was: Deliberately NOT repeat prior winning war strategies. Not just for unpredictability, but also practicality. You can see it in Napoleon’s, Alexander’s, Patton’s, and Douglas McArthur’s (his Inchon idea especially - which almost got him fired, and scared the hell out of the President and his inner circle was especially daring) battle campaigns. What wins one battle does not necessarily win every battle. Or even any other battle. Each situation, enemy, timing, is different for every battle. And so it is in copywriting. That is, if you aren’t enslaved to dogma. For example: When writing to my warm list (i.e., you) I take a totally different strategy and use totally different tactics in my sales copy than if selling to ice cold leads who have no earthly idea who I am or whoever it is writing to them is. Take the direct mail campaign I talk about in the June Email Players issue, for example. It was written to ice cold lists of prospects about our Low Stress Trading offer. And the prospects we were targeting on that list were not only ice cold, but inherently antagonistic and aggressively skeptical to ice cold approaches, from people they’d never heard of before, selling yet another financial offer they’d never heard from, after they just got burned by someone else’s offer they’d never heard from before either. Not an easy battle of the mind to win, to say the least. But, it’s who we prefer dealing with. And, in fact, who we do best with vs the spittle-on-the-carpet biz opp seeking types. So unlike these emails, where I have some leeway with what I can say to at least get a fair hearing about whatever I am selling, these financial offers leads were consciously, or at least subconsciously, thinking: “This is bull shyt” to every sentence - from headline to CTA. That is my assumption at least. The way around that? Write my copy in a way where it goes from “this is total bull shyt and lies” ... to “this guy can’t be lying.” That doesn’t mean they will want, buy, or have any interest in what we want them to do (in this case, opt in to get a free report and listen to the next live call). But it is more likely to at least get a hearing before being turned into lining for a new puppy’s cage. Thus, I did NOT do what usually works. I went a totally different direction. And I adapted my strategy to the market, not just rehash what usually works. This is, incidentally, why chasing “what’s working now” can be bad for your business’ box office gross. Chasing the market instead of doing things in a way where it chases you is playing the game on hard mode, and trying to overpower skepticism with more claims and benefits and tips & tricks wastes a lot of time and energy. But that’s the prevailing copywriting “dogma.” If you want to see how I approached the winning test piece with this strategy see the June Email Players issue. I not only analyze it precept-upon-precept, with every copywriting insight, tactic, and strategy, but I also explain how I used this Napoleonic approach to get us 5x the average direct mail industry response, from what I am told. I am admittedly not a “direct mail guy.” Nor do I play one online. But, we did drive lots of opt-ins to our site with direct mail. And I show how in the June issue. Here’s where to subscribe before the deadline: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s a look at what’s inside the June issue: * A little-known trick (I learned directly from one of the best publicity experts who ever lived) for writing tighter, stronger, and more responsive sales copy. * A word-for-word email I sent a business partner explaining exactly how to grow a strong and ever-growing customer/client base. (Including during times like now where most businesses are hemorrhaging sales & customers left & right with no end insight!) * A real life case study in how writing a “Hail Mary pass” ad (that clients will hate and you’ll probably have trouble even getting tested) can blast your response far higher than playing it safe. * A stupid, amateur, and all-too-common landing page mistake that can kill your direct mail campaign response. (Yes, I, your ever-humble daily narrator made this idiotic blunder in a recent direct mail test to drive opt-ins to a web page... and even though we still did exceptionally well, we could have gotten probably 5-10x MORE response had I not had my head up my arse about this.) * A secret way (copy chiefs will almost certainly despise - so don’t expect anyone to cheer you on if you do it) for copywriters to use LOSING ads and sales letters in their swipe files to write winners that break sales & response records. * A ridiculously responsive headline template invented by the late, brilliant copywriter Gene Schwartz that I have yet to see fail. (It can also work as a template for writing your sales pitch openers, too, if you struggle with those.) * How to “soften” big, crazy claims & benefits (assuming they are true) so they are far more believable and far less likely to set off someone’s “bull shit” detector. * An ingenious writing secret (found in popular old detective novels) that can help make your blatant selling ads feel like content. * A sneaky way to “pre-test” an ad to help know if it’s going to win or bomb before spending any time or money running it. * How deliberately including a “pinch” (just a pinch!) of outright psychopathy can help create, build, and grow a business in the diet niche. (NOTE: discernment and being able to read between the lines is required if you’re going to use this bit of knowledge I learned from an old Gary Halbert diet promotion campaign.) * What the great A-list copywriter Doug D’Anna recently taught me (on a live call) about what is perhaps the #1 body copy secret for turning ice cold leads into red hot sales. * A clever way to use a prospect’s own mailbox to help drive up response and sales if you use direct mail. * Probably the #1 most profitable copywriting technique I have ever learned that helped even my early “mid” level sales copy pull like crazy - including when competing against far better copywriters. (This technique haunts nearly every ad and email I write - including in THIS email you’re reading as I use it “on you.” Details on page 16 inside.) * How to write sales copy in a way where the reader is more likely to think “this guy can’t be lying” as he reads it. (Doesn’t guarantee he will buy or respond, but it should at least get you a fair reading and chance to sell him if you do it right.) * How to use the ancient “law of the jungle” in your ads & emails to potentially want to buy what you’re selling even if they originally had no interest in what you’re writing about. * A secret used by history’s greatest military generals (Napoleon and Alexander the Great especially especially advocated this) for winning war campaigns you can also use to win more copywriting, email, and other marketing campaigns. (Gene Schwartz advocated doing this in copywriting as well, and so have many other A-list copywriters I’ve studied. With all of them retiring it’s almost like a lost art now.) * The “butt clench” test to know if you are pushing hard enough with your guarantees. * Advice I got straight from the world’s greatest direct mail strategist that can help you sell to ice cold leads who have no idea who you are with no real reason to listen to a word you say. * The Phil Donahue daytime talk show secret to profiting from boring “I like the color of the product packaging” type testimonials that don’t really say anything useful. (This won’t work for all testimonials, but if you can use it with even ONE of them, you will likely see a dramatic rise in response.) * A reverse psychology copywriting technique that can potentially help get even the most jaded & skeptical leads, prospects, and customers to chase you instead of you chasing them. * An admitted twisted secret I recently used for getting far higher response to a direct mail campaign (I suspect it might also work online, probably, although I admittedly have yet to test it. Anyway, do what you want with this info, I am merely showing you what I did to get 5x the average direct mail response.) * How creating a “double readership path” in your sales copy can potentially destroy your sales and response. (This flies in the face of a lot of copywriting books - but like all rules it can and, sometimes should, be broken. See page 20.) * A secret taught by the late, great Jim Rutz (one of the top 3 copywriters, easy, of his day) about how to write to leads in the finance space that can help get both higher response and better customers. * Why so many old school direct mail guys are online and don’t really do much cold direct mail themselves anymore. * A nuanced look at what I believe is the perfect copywriting “tone” for selling to super jaded and skeptical markets where people are (literally, this is what goes through their head) looking at every sentence you write and thinking, “this is bull shit” and looking for reasons to delete, click away, or (if direct mail) toss you out. * Speaking of guarantees: How to cover your arse from getting overrun with fraudulent refunders who love to buy and frivolously refund. * A real life example of how to use “social engineering” on the sneak in your calls to action for higher response and better quality customers. To subscribe to Email Players go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA