# How to get free leads “in heat” to buy your stuff

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 02 Sep 2025 00:45:09 +0000
**ID:** 19907e3dd69615cc
---

Below is my latest Oregon Eagle newspaper article. The Oregon Eagle being a newspaper founded by Email Players subscriber Richard Emmons that I bought ownership in last year as a way to have at least some kind of “say” in the future of this state. I also figured it is something that can be passed down to Willis some day, so he has at least some kind of say, too. Here it is: === If you want to drive free leads to your business’ website that are both free and are often all but “in heat” to buy your products or services when they arrive, then this article will show you how. Here’s how it works: Best-selling author of the “NO BS” book series Dan Kennedy teaches about what he calls “upstream leads.” These leads don’t find you from Facebook/Google ads, banner ads, magazine ads, newspaper ads, TV ads, radio ads, direct mail ads, or any other paid ads. Instead, they work their way “upstream” to you - swimming against the tides of mass advertising and distractions to find your business online. They often show up with a credit card in their hot little hands, can’t wait to get on your website’s mailing list (see my last Oregon Eagle article for how to build an email list), and don’t waste your time haggling over price or with ticky-tack complaints. In other words, you don’t chase upstream leads, they chase you. And when they come to you, they come correct. This flips the script on the usual business/customer dynamic. And in my nearly 25 years selling online, I’ve yet to see a more rabid (to buy) lead than the upstream variety. The good news is, there are many ways to acquire upstream leads, including: * Lead swaps - where you make a deal with a business adjacent to yours (i.e., not direct competitors but serve the same “gene pool” of customers and clients, like an accountant/ insurance agent, or a plumber/electrician, or mechanic/car detailing service) to tell your mailing list, social media followers, and customers/clients about their website, and they do the same for your business. These leads show up pre-qualified, pre-sold, and likely pre-ready to buy. * Joint venture with businesses - similar to list swaps, except you directly sell their offers to your list, social media followers, and customers & clients, and they do the same for your business. * Barter your service to adjacent businesses in exchange for access to their customers - you provide your service to them and they then tell their mailing list, social media following, and customers/clients about your business website. * Send press releases with valuable tips to the media to entice them to want to interview you - including to local radio stations (and podcasts), TV programs, and newspapers. This makes you a mini celebrity and lets you tap into the “halo effect.” This is when merely being interviewed by the media automatically makes you the “go to” business for people who trust that media. * Post about problems your business solves to local social media groups - do this enough and people start assuming you’re the best option for fixing those problems, go to your profile, and look for a link to your website. The trick is to be like a doctor. Many of the most renown doctors aren’t the best at treatment, they’re the best at diagnosis. Thus, “diagnose” via regularly writing about problems your product or service solves. There are many more ways to generate upstream leads. But just picking the one or two above you like most can get you a steady flow of eager-to-buy leads coming to your website day after day, week after week, month after month, and even year after year. === Something else about this: Over the years I’ve had a troll or two try to take “shots” at me, saying I only teach email, copywriting, etc. That if I REALLY knew what I was doing, I’d be selling other offers. A stupid opinion, but it is what it is. And to that I say, besides the fact I spent 9 years successfully writing ads & emails for clients in all kinds of different niches (business and consumer), plus side deals I co-owned in other niches (diet/weight loss), I also have a stake in multiple companies that have nothing to directly do with teaching copywriting or marketing or email. Like, for example, the Oregon Eagle, above. And a SaaS business selling our BerserkerMail (not a training company) and mobile app Learnistic software. Not to mention our Low Stress Trading hybrid software/coaching business. And even my fiction. Namely, my 9-part Enoch Wars series of horror novels. I wrote them between 2013 and 2022. And even though I have no PR team and no prestige of a big New York publishing house... it’s slowly been building a fanbase of its own. Like, for example, when I had a local mold remediation company do some work at the house, and the guy asked, "Are you the Ben Settle who wrote Zombie Cop? My wife and I love those books. She's on Werewolf Bastard now." Anyway, as for the 9 book Enoch Wars series: You can read the first of the novels, free, in the Enoch Wars mobile app. You’ll need either a smart phone or iPad, though. And you can read it without having to opt-in to a list in eBook, audio book, or even screenplay format. I also have some business & writing tips, content, etc in the app, as well. Plus, for those interested in how World-Building works, a mobile app like I used for this is a big part of how to do it you can observe simply by rooting around in there. Anyway, you can access the content free here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/enochwars Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA