# Why using AI for copywriting research can get you ganked

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 29 Jun 2025 23:44:42 +0000
**ID:** 197be156d94a799e
---

It’s been quite a show seeing the inevitable play out in real time: Many boys & ghouls who were hyping generative so-called AI up as the Second Coming of copywriting just a few months ago are now quite vocal about calling out its obvious flaws & limitations. It’s always been a bubble, and when that bubble pops it’ll be quite a sticky mess, I suspect. “BUT BEN! I ONLY USE IT FOR RESEARCH!” Sure, and let me guess... you use it to “brainstorm” with? Personally, I prefer to “brainstorm” with the market directly like great salesmen have always done. Take, for example, the late, great Gary Halbert who did it to write his family crest sales letter that is, from what understand, the “most mailed” sales letter in history. Yes, Gary literally knocked on doors after a series of failures selling it, showed his market his report, got their feedback, figured out where he’d been going wrong... and then knocked out a one page letter that changed the face of direct response marketing forever. So-called AI could not have given him that info, only his market could, directly. This reminds me of something another great A-list copywriter Doug D’Anna taught when I interviewed him back in 2007. He spent more time in that interview talking about the importance of knowing one’s market at an intimate, personal, and, yes, human level than any copywriting technique. It was not what my nubile copywriting fanboy brain wanted to hear. But it was desperately what it needed to hear. Here’s the example he gave: === Every day is different. Like today. Yesterday the market dropped 300 points, today I haven’t checked it. I have three versions over at the one publisher of a couple of different ads that I think are on the pulse of the market. . . The best way to learn isn’t with another course, it’s an OJT, on the job training. “I need this back in two hours, we need a new headline and the close is weak.” Can you correct it for me?” Do you think you can work that way? That’s why I guess I do the little coaching. Because I believe in my heart that the better salesman you are outside of copywriting the better copywriter you will be because you’ll get the ebb and flow. You’ll instinctively know how to deal with a human being. === “Ebb and flow” is the key phrase. You get that by interacting directly with your market, not a robot spitting back what could very likely be lies, fantasy, and/or outright bull shyt. That can get you ganked in business if you aren't careful. Or maybe you think so-called AI is going to help you deal better with human beings. If so, you probably have an AI girlfriend already, and nothing I say will change your mind. Have a nice trip, I guess. At Low Stress Trading we have been doing some market research to sell the offer to the Chiropractor market. And Troy’s former chiropractor - who is cleaning up using the trading framework - is not only going to be the voice & spokesman for us to that market, but he spent a lot of time filling out a detailed market analysis I sent to him. I also spent a lot of time using so-called AI to help with research while waiting. Yes, the so-called AI had some useful stats, numbers, assumptions. But just the first page ALONE of what the human told me was light years more useful than the data - much of it laughably inaccurate and inconsistent - the robot spit out when asked. Anyway, all this is on my mind because of a question I got about how to stay relevant: === Amongst the grifters, AI prophets, and people who all sound the same - you stand out. For some reason, it feels different, and authentic. I believe this is the most important question of 2025, which is: In a world where the amount of content, maturation of markets, and general consensus of knowledge is speeding up - how do you stay relevant without doing the same? If someone in my niche is giving the free exercises and secrets way, and I don’t, how can I possibly compete or achieve any comparable market share with that person? Of course I can create content around other “soft teaching” However with Tik tok brain at an all time high, people want NOW, give me the answer in 3 bullet points. And I could give it to them. So I suspect some pushback if and when I don’t. Anyway, would appreciate your thoughts on this. I am sending because I think it could help others as well. All the best this year, === The answer: 1. Know thy market better than anyone else by talking to/mailing actual humans, getting their reactions, studying what they say/do/feel 2. Outwork everyone else, instead of being a lazy bum 3. And, last but not least, be more infotaining than all you compete against This last bit is something the July Email Players issue can help you with in spades. I spent a lot of time on this one, and fit more info than I usually do in (had to shrink the font a bit - sorry boomers), and I daresay it is some of the most immediately useful & profitable info I've ever written. Especially towards the end when I talk about Bruce Willis and Sam Jackson’s secret to never having to worry about becoming irrelevant - can be directly applied to marketers. Or, keep prompting your lil’ gluteus assimus off if you want. Keep getting “wow’d” by Bigfoot vlogs. Normies love that shyt, and maybe it'll help you sell them better. My boys & ghouls will be kicking arse with or with out you, either way. If you want to join us, tomorrow’s the deadline to subscribe in time for the July issue. You can see what awaits you inside in the P.S. below. Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. A lil’ taste of what you’ll learn inside the July Email Players issue: * The “you can go to hell!” headline (or subject line) secret to getting so much engagement it’ll probably freak you out the first time you use it. * A crazy-ass Method Acting trick that helped my sales copy build a six figure per month business in the golf niche. (I’d never even played golf at the time, yet this trick beat the hell out of the control written by a far more seasoned golf niche copywriter right out the gate.) * The “multiple personality” phenomenon for writing world class email and sales copy. (If you haven’t “heard” the voices of the markets you’ve written to haunting your psyche 24/7 years after writing the copy, it means you’re still sane, but probably not making the sales you could. Use at your own risk.) * The semi-insulting reason reason Email Players subscribers without the ability to think abstractly struggle with using the content. (Something to consider before subscribing - don’t say you weren’t warned.) * How to make your emails, social media, sales copy more fun for people to consume than their favorite Netflix, Hulu, Apple, Amazon, and other streaming shows/movies. * An ingenious method (used by Marlon Brando in his most celebrated roles) that can potentially ramp up your email engagement and sales as much as 2 or even 3x over time . * A sneaky acting technique (I’ve never seen a single marketing goo-roo teach) seen in “The Godfather” that created chillingly* perfect performances... and how to use it to create such almost chillingly strong relationships with your leads, prospects, customers, and clients they may not want to buy from anyone BUT you. * Advice to people who write emails and social media posts in advance to potentially cut your writing time in half - and without using TikTok brain-level generative AI. * The single best free resource (found on Facebook) I’ve ever used for hammering out infotaining emails, social media posts, audio/video content, and even sales copy. (Next time you get “stuck” for ideas simply go to this Facebook page, read a post or two, and watch as interesting, engaging, and cashflow-creating content will probably flow right out of your brain. That’s been my experience, at least.) * A shrewd market research tip from actor Christopher Lloyd that make your business a pile of new sales almost immediately - and possibly even the first time you use it. (A caveat: if you suck at pattern recognition this tip WILL NOT work. Fair warning...) * The 6-word “folk horror” secret behind some of the highest grossing sales letters ever penned. * The little-talked about infotaining sales letter/email template (used in certain Gary Halbert and John Carlton ads - if you know what to look for) I’ve been quietly using in my most engaging content for over 20 years. * A beat-for-beat breakdown of one of the most profitable emails I’ve ever written that was 14 PAGES long! (Email goo-roos saying long emails don’t “work” should be ignored. And this email proves it. Inside I walk you through my 14-page monster you can probably use in your very next email to get more engagement & sales, if you choose.) * The “never have to worry about money ever again” secret used by Bruce Willis and Samuel Jackson to get all the money, fame, and respect they could stand... even though they made far MORE box office duds than successes. (This trick was also used by Stallone, Keanu Reeves, Mel Gibson, Arnold, and others... and if you know what you’re doing, you can apply this directly to your own business to STEAL engagement and sales right out from under your competitors’ noses.) * A dire warning from a Mad Man-era advertiser whose advice seems almost like prophecy today for anyone using generative so-called “AI” to create content. Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA