# The foolish mistake people make when using AI to summarize client calls

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 31 Aug 2025 19:44:37 +0000
**ID:** 19901aad30dbe46e
---

This year especially I've seen multiple people recommend using so-called AI to analyze transcripts of calls with clients and pull the marketing & copywriting material - including bullets, amusingly enough - out for their ads to “save time.” And I do not dispute it will save time. Probably it saves these guys lots and lots and lots of time. But you will not get all the best stuff out of a transcript that way vs reading, re-reading, taking notes, and poring over the entire thing - including the "human" elements like the small talk, as many times as you can. Even better: In addition to all that reading & note taking, go on long walks and/or car/bike rides - where you are physically moving, not just “thinking” - and also listen to the calls. Over and over and over. 5, 10, 20 times, if you can swing it, put it on 2 or 3x speed if they talk slow. The goal is to imbibe not just the client's words, but his speech & thought patterns, verbal “ticks” (everyone has), communication style, emotions, pauses, rise & fall of his voice (and WHAT exactly he's saying during), and other cues - verbal and social and even pauses, stutters, and bumbling through words - to get deep into how he thinks, solves problems, & lives life. It won’t necessarily change the content you write. But it’s like any great Method Actor who creates his own back story to turn an otherwise boring, bland, and even insignificant character into someone who literally steals the show. Think Val Kilmer’s Ice Man character in Top Gun. Very boring in the script. But he gave him a backstory, and lots of details nobody ever knew or saw. And the result was an unforgettable character who became a fan favorite. This is business as usual for the best performers. And make no mistake: Copywriting IS a “performance.” And to treat it as such vs just being a "wordsmith" or, even more effeminate-sounding, "prompt engineer"... will change what’s between the lines, and give your ads far more depth, your benefits far more context to the reader, and make the Experience of buying from your ads and emails far more personal and human and real - because it is personal, human, and real and not just data for data's sake. No, you won't save time doing it this way. It will take you way more time, if anything. But you will write far more responsive & profitable sales copy, emails, etc. One more thought on that: In the April 30 1995 Gary Halbert Letter, Sir Gary of Halbert talked about the foolishness of prioritizing efficiency over effectiveness when writing sales copy. He was completely antagonistic towards it, as have been other radically successful writers even beyond copywriters - from Dr. Seuss, to Tolkien, to even guys who hated writing, but did it as mercenary like old school screenwriters and even Bukowski. Do what you will with that info. But I believe this will all be even more apparent to those who read the September Email Players issue. None of the headlines behind the insanely profitable ads they adorned were “prompted.” They had to be dug out. In many cases, they came from re-listening and re-reading client call transcripts 10x+ times. Same with headlines that have transformed entire industries almost on their own. It’s the stuff you pick up almost instinctively & subconsciously... where 80% of communication tends to be vs what's on the surface... that you are only able to discern and perceive at all via a combination of personal experience (yours, not someone else’s), actively looking for it via your own internal “geiger counter” seeking out such info, and sheer dogged repetition. Example: One of my best headlines came from a speech I heard in the 1990’s. My brain connected something I heard at an MLM conference, to the topic of the ad. Then, boom - the headline wrote itself... 18 YEARS later. But only because it was sitting in my subconscious, activated by MOVEMENT (not just "meditation" and "thinking"), and joined together with other ideas that had no earthly reason to be in the same sentence much less headline. That’s how it can work. Or you can sit there and brainstorm with a super calculator constantly trained on the pure average, I suppose. Good way to test lots of turds against each other to get a more polished turd, I will admit. And for some markets you can probably do that for the time being. But if you want to do it my way, see the September Email Players issue where I drill deep down into the psychology of headlines, with lots of examples. The deadline to subscribe in time is when I send the list to the printer tonight. See the P.S. for more of what awaits you inside. Then to subscribe, go here, while you can: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s but a peek at what’s inside should you subscribe by tomorrow’s deadline: * Sneaky psychological tactics I used to write the headline for one of the single most profitable sales letters ever run in the history of the self defense niche. * A headline secret used by the billionaire newspaper tycoon William Randolph Hearst (that John Caples also secretly used, too) that can help you exponentially amp up your ad or email readership, response, and, if you have a good offer... sales. * An ingenious way (used by certain, very savvy public speakers to seize a large room full of peoples’ attention) to write headlines for getting people to “lean in” to read your sales pitches. * An old timey day copywriter’s trick for pre-testing your headline’s power without showing it to anyone, without getting any critiques, and without guessing, wondering, or agonizing over it. * A surprisingly profitable headline technique from the movie “Citizen Kane” that can help even a rank amateur write headlines that stand out from anything else their prospect is being distracted by. * The headline trick of a kooky old newspaper space ad genius (who once got jailed for his writing!) for making your ads stand out head & shoulders from practically anything else on the internet, the inbox, social media, or anywhere else. * An example of how to write “bad ass” headlines - where prospects literally might think, “what a bad ass!” and have a hard time not reading the rest of your copy just to see what it’s about. (This won’t lend itself to every ad you write, and your milage may vary - but every time I do it never seems to fail.) * The strange (but 100% proven) secret for getting a higher response to your ads... by deliberately NOT going through the product or using the service you’re selling. (I doubt even a single copywriting “guru” will approve of this - but I have done it many times, including in a recent direct mail test that got exceptionally hight response.) * Two “stealth” emotions (most copywriters don’t even realize ARE emotions... they’ve been so brainwashed by horse shyt) to wrench on in your headlines, subject lines, and content titles to help nab higher response & sales. * The best (and totally free) place I’ve ever used to get genuinely useful copywriting critiques. * A red flag that can help you almost instantly know if a chest-pounding copywriting goo-roo you want to learn or buy from is just talking out of his arse. * A word-for-word email one of my all-time favorite copywriters (who has gotten “fan mail” from guys like Dan Kennedy and Gary Bencivenga, if that tells you something) sent me about how to knock out headlines that can double, triple, maybe even quadruple your response. (I DEFY anyone - newbie or seasoned pro - to read what he said and not write far more profitable headlines the very first time you use it.) * Psychological “triggers” that can help make it almost neurologically impossible to ignore your headlines - even when competing against 1,000+ other click-bait headlines fighting for your prospect’s attention. . * The shrewd “anti-NLP” headline secret (used by both David Ogilvy and Gary Halbert) for helping you get near instant focus from prospects reading your ads or emails. * How Mel Martin (the “King of Fascinations” whose alter many of the best A-list direct mail copywriters who ever lived have worshipped at) penned some of the most insanely profitable headlines in copywriting history - and often without using promises, claims, benefits, or any silly “click-bait”-like appeals. * NON-legal advice (let the record show, Your Honor) for health offer copywriters who want to write headlines that work like gangbusters while also helping keep your ads off Big Brother’s radar. * A clever way to use Facebook to help you see if a headline idea has any “legs” without spending any money or running any ads on there. * One of simplest and most effective “pattern interrupts” you can use in advertising headlines right now. (Not just sales letter headlines, but email subject lines, article titles, book titles, and more.) * How to shut the yap of the Doubting Thomas in every prospect’s brain - who’s whispering in his ear, trying to determine if he should read the rest of your ad or not. * What I learned about writing headlines after a short (and private - not recorded) conversation with one of the greatest A-list copywriters who ever lived. * The “feral” headline secret that can help make plain vanilla offers sound more exciting and exotic. * A neat little trick you can use in your headlines that is nearly guaranteed to get more attention & possibly response - even from prospect’s who would otherwise ignore you! (This “thing” can also work wonders in other parts of your ads and emails, too - especially in subject lines, stories, offers, CTA’s, and bullets.) * Three words used in a LOT of sales copy and emails these days (I even have to catch and stop myself from using them at times) that are like “fed bait.” (I had to pay several thousand dollars in fees to an attorney to learn this bit I share inside.) Subscribe to the paid Email Players newsletter here before tonight’s deadline: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA