# Best kind of music to create content to

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 07 Aug 2025 01:45:29 +0000
**ID:** 1988235d2fec312b
---

A question that has popped up a few times over the years from my hoity Horde is: “What are some good pieces of music to write to?” When it comes to writing and content-creation I refer you to something Mr. Greg Perry - the guy who not only publishes my Amazon/Kindle books, but is also the world’s most-published author of computer books, and I believe is also the #1 dealer in rare books in Oklahoma - likes to say: “If it ain’t Baroque, don’t fix it!” And, I have to agree. When in doubt, go Baroque. More: There is a secret “trick” to making content creation - specifically written content, like emails, sales copy, bonus reports, blog posts, social media content, etc - I learned years ago from an old business partner who was very lazy, yet wrote thousands of pages of content very quickly… that can potentially help make your content even more profitable, and far more quickly and easily. This little ditty can also help ramp up your concentration through the roof, too. And yes, it can apply to any kind of music you listen to. But, it is especially powerful with Baroque & instrumental music imo. It’s also something I’ve been using for well over a decade now, especially to help pound out more content in a week than probably most of my peers and colleagues create in a month or even 6 months in some cases, and at far higher quality and profitability than the fapGPT bois I’ve seen. And you know what? I reveal this power trick on pages 19 & 20 in my book: “Breakneck Content” This is basically the July 2019 Email Players issue in book form. Thus, if you possess that issue, there is little info inside this book you don't already possess and you don't need it. If not, this book contains dozens of additional ways to quickly and as painlessly as possible bang out all kinds of content for your business, including: * Emails * Social media posts * Books (non-fiction or fiction) * Courses * Videos * Podcasts * Articles & blog posts * Newsletters * Membership site content * Premiums & bonuses * And any other kind of content you might sell or sell with Here’s the deal: The deadline to get this book at a 20% discount is Friday 8/8 at midnight EDT. To hop on this deal do this: 1. Buy it before tomorrow's deadline at the link below 2. Use code FAST at the checkout (where it says "add referral code") 3. Make sure you see the price change before entering your credit card info Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/breakneck Ben Settle P.S. This book is very small, very short, and very expensive. If you judge information by weight & volume then it’ll be a gigantic waste of money for you. It’s simple, “meat & potatoes” info I’ve used to pump out enormous amounts of content quickly over the last couple decades. However, it requires both thinking & ambition to use. And if you need hand-holding, coddling, or so-called AI then you should probably pass on buying it. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA