# Game of bores

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 19 Jul 2025 01:44:43 +0000
**ID:** 198205c7d0734075
---

While back, I read a news article about how people being absolutely bored out of their minds is at such an all-time high, it is starting to worry psychologists who study the matter. Yes, even with 1,000+ apps on their phones. Even with 1,000+ channels on TV. And even with 1,000+ more combined songs, games, parties, social events, books, audios, videos, and other assorted forms of entertainment, distractions, and stimulation bombarding their psyches at a pace the human brain probably was never designed to handle long term... people are bored stiff. All this and people are still bored out of their gourds: * at work * at home * at school * in their relationships * in their friendships * with their new phones * with social media * Even with their favorite TV shows and movies - as the fallout from the popular show “Game Of Thrones” showed, with it being a big, fat disappointment to more than half the people who had invested years of their time and emotion into it, only to be let down with a boring ending. But there’s an extremely profitable business lesson here. And that is how much of an advantage simply NOT being boring in your advertising, in your content, and in your business as a whole can give you in an age that Tony Robbins (correctly) declared is now an entertainment and not an information age. He or she who is the most entertaining wins the game. That's not only my opinion, but it also happens to be a fact. And this applies to business, marketing, education, and even politics. Without that nobody cares no matter how much you prattle on about all the value you give. If this is something you want to get cerebral with and use in your own business then: This weekend I’m having a sale on my most popular book called... “Infotainment Jackpot” Until Sunday 7/20 at midnight EDT my hearty Horde can have it for over $100.00 off the regular price. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/jackpot Use this discount code on the checkout: BENGOOLIE Make sure you see the price change before entering your info. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA