# The most Furey-ous content monetization of them all

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 16 Nov 2025 20:14:36 +0000
**ID:** 19a8e4fa15067d90
---

A true story: A while back, I sent Email Players subscriber, the undisputed High King of Email, and “Sifu of Sentences” himself Matt Furey a message asking if he’d be interested in having a free BerserkerMail account. After all, there should be no doubt to anyone who has both studied Matt’s ways and who has used BerserkerMail that his email marketing & email copywriting “DNA” are both heavily baked into the platform from start to finish. i.e., No Matt Furey = no BerserkerMail. And so giving him a free account was the least we could do, as far as I was concerned. Matt then graciously accepted the offer and jumped on a Zoom call for a demo with myself and my biz partners in BerserkerMail Troy Broussard & John Wood. Short story long: What was supposed to be a mere 20-minute demo turned into a 2-hour discussion about everything from info publishing & selling, to email, & health… to Bigfoot, aliens, &, yes… flat earth. A truly interesting guy - like the “Dos Equis Man” of direct marketing. I’ll leave the Bigfoot, aliens, & flat earth stuff for another day. Most people on my list are probably not ready for that conversation. What’s important as far as monetizing your content is what he taught us about content monetization totally “off the cuff” - that had me thinking about it for weeks, months, and now almost a year later. It wasn’t so much “new” info, but it absolutely was a new spin on how to think about something a lot of us (me as much as anyone) takes for granted. It is also something pretty much any business can implement. Including if your business is not a content-driven operation. For example: I have used what Matt taught us to sell scads of new memberships in our Low Stress Trading (coaching for Options Traders) company. I have seen it used to sell credit card subscriptions, too (the world’s greatest living copywriter and Email Players subscriber Gary Bencivenga talked about how he used it, in detail, in an interview he did with Email Players subscriber Ken McCarthy many years ago). And for years, I bought a certain health supplement that used this approach Matt talked about to help grow his operation. Probably doesn’t matter what kind of business you have or what you sell. This approach Matt told us about can apply. The irony: There is nothing new about it. But the way Matt taught it made it new all over again. And, I’ve been doubling down on it ever since. Which, in a way, is a lesson in and of itself: A lot of people up in this industry are obsessed with “NEW!” and everything has to be something they’ve never seen or heard before. Which is a huge disservice to themselves. For one thing, there is nothing new under the sun. All those “techniques” you see your favorite influencers or goo-roos teach were invented decades ago. I guarantee you this. Even technology you think is new is just new spins on the old: * Amazon = the Sears Catalog on the internet. * Email = direct mail on a screen. * PPC ads = classified ads. * Opt-in pages = space ads. * Sliding into DMs on Twitter or by email = cold calling. * Social media = one big trade show or boardwalk with carnival barkers trying to pitch you something And the list goes on. If you are like most successful people I know, then I suspect there have been times where you originally learned something (any topic, doesn’t have to be marketing related) 20+ years ago… in a book, course, video, whatever it is… and then saw it again many years later, only to feel like you learned it again for the very first time. This is not because the information is different. It’s because YOU are different. You’ve had many experiences, failures, successes, and look at the world and whatever it is you do in a different content than you did, and now the information, while familiar, is for all intents and purposes totally different, fits into your goals & life different, and effects you different. Well, that’s how what Matt said worked. I defy anyone not to read this part and not walk away with a bunch of new ideas. Not apply it and make a bunch of new sales. Not think about it going for and not have a bunch of new customers going forward. Powerful stuff indeed. And you can read all about it in my book: “The Count of Content” And, you can get that at thicc discount if you do it by tonight’s deadline. As for the details: This nearly 250-page book primarily consists of the December 2021, July 2022, November 2022, October 2023, and this past April & May 2024 Email Players issues. So if you have all or some of those issues you will have to determine if you want to buy this book or not. It is also on sale until tonight Sunday, 11/16 at midnight EST at a pleasantly plump discount off the price listed on the sales page. You can read about it here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/count NOTE: Use code DANTES at the checkout (where it says “Add Referral Code”) for the discount. And make sure you see the price change before buying. Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA