# How to survive the SaaS bloodbath

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 19 Nov 2025 20:15:13 +0000
**ID:** 19a9dc1cf384be26
---

Recently I got to talking to one of my customers about the software business. A whole lot of software as a service (SaaS) companies are feeling the nipple pinch of a combination of so-called AI, oversaturated markets, an ever-expanding number of so-called “founders” unqualified to pour water out of a boot much less create software that solves any actual problems yet get lots of algorithmic lovin’ on the various socials, and the list goes on. Those are just the dangers I have heard about. Mostly though, I am out of touch with it all. Which is why my customer asked: “Don’t you have a couple software platforms you sell?” Three, actually: BerserkerMail, Low Stress Trading (hybrid training & software company), and our mobile app platform for content creators & coaches Learnistic which, ironically, has been seeing a sudden uptick in interest. Specifically, since I sold my Bargain Bin of Bonuses 4 offer a couple weeks ago. People have been experiencing (as end users, not only as marketers - very important) how smooth it is, how it’s a lot harder for content to be pirated/ripped from, how it seamlessly delivers content right to your customer’s phone or iPad with no downloads or lost passwords, timed out links, or other friction, etc. Anyway, as to why I don't keep up with the latest SaaS doom & gloom? Because like I talked about in the October Email Players issue: We’re not in the “software” business. We’re ultimately in the TRADING business. And that can help make a lot of uncertainties and ups & downs of sales disappear. My business partner in these software ventures Troy Broussard and I realized this about a year ago, that our software companies are really in the trading business in as much as they each have trading accounts, that are traded using Troy’s Low Stress Trading Framework. And they have been growing so fast, and so consistently, and so profitably each week, each month, now each year... and, yes, even during the market pullbacks like with the tariffs, etc... that by our projections, the trading account profits should DWARF those offers’ sales with in just a couple years regardless of sales spikes, dips, whatever it is. Frankly, the do so well I got nailed with a crap load of unexpected taxes for 2024. A good problem to have, I suppose, I’m better prepping for this year. And these SaaS companies’ trading accounts are already starting to help begin make many of our operation expenses practically vanish, as the profits are more and more starting to pay for things like employees, vendors, developers, profit sharing, and the list goes on. So no, we ain’t worried. If anything, we’re practically giddy over the state of the industry. We were at least 5-10 years ahead of the market with Learnistic, as most online marketers need a "guru" to give them permission to use new technologies, even though mobile apps have been around since 2009. And so we never really expected miracles from that. As far as BerserkerMail goes, it was always first & foremost for the Ben Settle/Email Players diehards who want to get in, get out, quick mucking about each day and make sales, who care more about deliverability, a near frictionless interface, and A-player service than the silly little features nobody uses that other ESP developers dream up even as they keep raising your prices and taking on series C funding. And Low Stress Trading is absolutely booming. We just added a few hundred new clients in the past couple months alone. And to the point we’ve had to temporarily shut it down to onboard them all. Meanwhile? The rest of the SaaS world is in full-on panic mode from what I am hearing. Including some really big, popular companies in our space, probably that you are using. And to be fair, they probably should be panicking. Same with the info publishers squealing from the nipple pinch. They’re probably listening to too many dancing monkeys prancing around mastermind rooms instead of listening to your obnoxious daily email horror host and Troy like wiser, more successful-minded people are. Take, for example: The former CMO of Agora Financial’s Legacy Research Email Players subscriber Jon Alexander. He oversaw the sales of $1.5 billion in financial newsletters, and has probably just about seen it all with investing and trading. Well guess what? He told us on a live call Low Stress Trading Framework is the ONLY trading he does. Plus, he has taught it to his wife and family, as he knows what's coming down the pike. Same with Senior fellow of the Mises Institute, New York Times Bestselling Author, Prominent libertarian historian & author, and host of one of the longest running and most popular libertarian podcasts on the planet Tom Woods. And, most recently: The great Jon Lee Dumas (of Entrepreneur on Fire fame and who has an entire podcast dedicated to MicroStrategy) even hosted a small event for our most elite Low Stress Trading clients at his own house in Puerto Rico. Plus, more and more mere mortals like you and me are getting in the act. Like, for example, Email Players subscriber Ian Stanley, who has not only been using the Framework but has been selling it as one of our affiliates, not just to “make money” but he legitimately just wants his boys & ghouls to know this stuff. I can’t speak for the guy. But I suspect he also sees the writing on the wall of what’s coming down the pike. My prediction? In the next few years there will be two kinds of online business owners: 1. Those who use the Low Stress Trading Framework and are some smiling mo' fo's as the market goes to hell (yes, it works whether the market is up, down, or sideways - it’s designed to work even during a Lost Decade or even outright market depression)... 2. Those who do NOT use it, and who are always panicking, constantly exhausting themselves “pivoting”, dropping money on more and more coaches/masterminds/courses, only to find those teachers are in as bad - or worse - financial nipple pinch than they are. I know a lot of businesses reading this will balk. And that’s fine - and expected. Time will reveal all if my prediction comes true. Either way, one thing you can practically always rely upon is this: The GREED of the stock market and dumb money, FOMO-bamboozled investors. And Low Stress Trading lets you basically opt-out of inflation by profiting from that greed and FOMO, without having to become greedy (greed works against you with our Framework) or participating directly in the FOMO & gambling-like uncertainty others do... and in a way designed to be so low stress and so low risk our Framework is eligible to trade in custodial accounts for children. The government would NOT allow that if it was super risky, to say the least. (We are in the process of opening a custodial account for Willis, for example) Troy has created something so unique with his Framework he worked out over 40,000+ trades, with the software/stock scanner/training/ridiculous levels of support, and building out a “dream team” to help administer it all... that is growing like wild fire on its own via word-of-mouth alone (we haven’t even start running ads)... and that just flat-out works, and something that in nearly 25-years up in this business I have never seen or even heard of. Something else: Unfortunately, the predatory & blatantly illegal in some cases marketing done by companies in the financial space have created a lot of “baggage” in our niche with their greed, $10k+ super pressure one time offers, preying on the elderly, getting constantly haunted by Big Brother, etc. We’re the exact, polar opposite of all that idiocy. Like, for example, Low Stress Trading is NOT a “system.” It's a Framework. The principles behind it have been around since options trading was invented in ancient Greece, around 100 years prior to when King Leonidas and his 300 Spartans warriors were ganking the Persian hordes sent by Xerxes. The Framework is simply a different way of applying very sound logic with some very simplistic guidance. Thus: You do not need to stay off any big brother or other radars. Nor is it one of the typical financial guru offers created by some skeevy hedge fund manager with impressive credentials, but that requires $100s of thousands to use, but that likely won’t work later because everyone knows it and it’s too late and/or it gets regulated. That ain’t no exaggeration, neither. In fact, true story about that: I once did some consulting with one of the biggest financial info publishing companies on the planet. And one of the copywriters there flat out admitted to me by the time they created and sold an offer about one of their investing or trading “systems” it was already too late. All right enough of this clacking. This might sound like I am “pitching” Low Stress Trading. But you cannot buy it right now even if I was. Like I said, it’s closed down as we onboard a few hundred new clients. When it opens back up we will let the list know, of course. And if you want to join that list and be notified when we do our next live training, and read the sales page (every question you will likely have is answered on there), and be ready for when we’re back up and running so you can start using this phenomenal trading Framework to protect your own business, then hit the jump below. Here is the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/options Ben Settle P.S. Should you end up joining us whenever we open up again, and if you used the link above (i.e., my affiliate link), you will also get access to a secret part of the community inside the main community I call “Email Traders” - which is a place where I have been giving lots of cool stuff away free, both trading and marketing related. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA