# Welcome to the Hotel Hell-Agora...what a creepy place

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 29 Jul 2025 11:44:49 +0000
**ID:** 1985601996d01aea
---

Here’s a true story about a hotel Agora Financial once put me up in: Some years ago, one of Agora’s copy chiefs flew me into teach email, storytelling, and infotainment to their writers and editors. And they put me up in a rather interesting “boutique” hotel, to say the least. In this case the room had a painting on the wall that sort of “stared” at me wherever I was. No matter where I sat or stood, the eyes in the painting followed. The painting itself definitely had a creepiness factor to it as it was. But the way it just kind of followed me around only augmented that. And I realized years later (when discussing with an art history buff) it was because it was symmetrical but still slightly “off.” That’s how the eyes followed me everywhere, from what I understand. And it is definitely a thing if you look at certain old paintings. A few years later I started applying this to some of my book covers. First, I did it with the re-design of my Copy Troll book cover. And, more recently, I did it with the cover to my upcoming sequel to Copy Troll, where I doubled down on this on its cover. In fact, I had the cover blown up and framed where it now adorns my den. And its eyes also “follow” you wherever you may roam down there. Recent guests have even been victims of its trollish gaze.. Anyway, this sort of thing does not lend itself to all marketing design. Although it certainly can make online-based designs more engaging if used, which you hardly ever see these days. Even in my case I only have used this trick on a couple of book covers, and have not even yet played with it online with websites, etc. Direct response design is truly a rabbit hole. And the deeper you go down it, the more fascinating, engaging, and, yes, profitable it can be. I have experienced this many times, and in the milestone 14-year anniversary Email Players issue next month I talk a lot more about what I have discovered down this particular rabbit hole. Plus, I’m also including a 60+ page bonus with this 14-year anniversary issue: “Email Players Annual #4: After School Special” This oversized (literally - in both size and page count) Annual issue bonus exists outside the normal continuity of the newsletter. And I wrote it to commemorate the newsletter’s 14-year anniversary. And it’s written as a long letter “to” Willis in case I up and join the choir invisible before he comes of age to teach it it to him - with all the most important business, marketing, money/finance, health, and relationship info I want him to know. I spent more time on this than I have some of my full-length books. I won’t say this is the “best” writing I’ve ever done but it’s certainly the most important. You can read more about it in the PS below if you want. Otherwise - the deadline to get in on time is when I send the list to the printer soon. That happens to be in just two short days, incidentally. After that? Too late. Here’s the link: https://www.EmailPlayers.com NOTE: I do NOT ship to Indonesia, China, India, Ukraine, Russia, the Philippines, Thailand, Japan, or Africa. Current Email Players subscribers are “Grandfathered” in, of course. Ben Settle P.S. Here’s some of the info inside the bonus Email Players Annual #4: After School Special I am gifting to Email Players subscribers next month: * How to be nearly impervious to being knocked off and/or copied/cloned/easily replaced by so-called AI, copycats, pirates, and other assorted cons, criminals, & content burglars. * A stock trading method invented in the 3rd century BC that works even better in the 21st century AD with today’s technology. * The trick to granting yourself “instant energy” whenever you feel sluggish, weak, or lethargic. * How to find, attract, wrangle, and marry a loyal, “ride-or-die” woman. * The two-part way to banish self esteem problems I give young business men when it comes to marketing, copywriting, getting clients, and practically any other business challenges you struggle with. * How to keep your self respect & emotions in check when a woman rejects, ignores, ghosts, or (worse) manipulates and uses you just to get the attention of other men. * What social media “List Laundering” is and how to use it to ramp up your email response & sales. * The sneaky way (certain, very big social media accounts do) the famous movie director Frank Capra used to make himself into one of the richest and most celebrated brands of his time. * A secret direct mail tip found in the New Testament (pioneered by the Apostle Paul) that can help blast up your email campaign response to much higher levels. * How to turn people who have no desire whatsoever to buy anything from you into your own, personal “unwitting” sales force working hard to get you new business. * What I did to “break” a left-wing, feminist-indoctrinated girl boss... and transform her into a submissive, right wing, ride-or-die woman who literally now calls herself... “Genghis Mom.” All right, so be it. If you want in on time for the milestone 14-year anniversary Email Players issue plus a free copy of Email Players Annual #4: After School Special then scroll back up to the URL, note the list of banned countries, and follow the instructions while you still can. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA