# To hell with using stories in sales copy

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Thu, 19 Jun 2025 12:45:31 +0000
**ID:** 1978839227a31054
---

Only about 1 or 2 people have ever called me out on the following. But, even though I’m a big fan of using stories in sales copy, emails, content, etc… and teach it prominently in my copywriting-related books & other programs, I hardly ever use them in my long form sales pages - banishing them down to the hellish abyss of probably 100+ other copywriting elements on a checklist circulating around the internet I supposedly should use, but don't. At least, when it comes to sales pages selling my books. In fact, the only one with a story is my Copy Slacker sales letter. And even then it was only because I was originally going to test selling it via cold Facebook ads back when they were more lax with their rules, and a story would be mandatory to sell it cold. Why is this? Especially when stories are proven sales multipliers when done right? Laziness? Ignorance? Hypocrisy? No - but it is something I discuss in my “Copy Salesliloquies: Vol 1” book that is on sale for only a little while longer (until tomorrow). And depending on the particulars of your business, it could very well save you a lot of time and energy you are spending now writing stories for your ad copy when it may very well not be needed at all, and could even be harming your response. All is revealed inside. More: This book includes the June 2020, February 2021, June 2021, & May 2022 Email Players issues which were all about copywriting. Plus, it also includes the transcripts of a couple intense line-by-line sales letter analyses (for my Subscription Biz & Social Lair book offers) I did for our $499/month Profit Pirates coaching clients. Lots of stuff I either couldn’t fit into my Copy Slacker book (already 800+ pages). Or stuff I learned since writing Copy Slacker. And before you even ask: No, you do NOT need Copy Slacker to learn from the info in this book. If anything, it serves as a nifty “prequel” (or sequel if you already possess it) to my Copy Slacker book you can learn from regardless of your experience, knowledge, or skill level now. It’s also on sale at a fat discount until tomorrow, Friday June 20 at midnight, EDT. Simply do this: 1. Go to the URL below 2. Read the letter carefully to make an informed purchase 3. Use code WILLIS at the checkout (Make sure you see the price change before entering your info) http://www.EmailPlayers.com/salesliloquies1 Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA