# The Dan Kennedy prophecies

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Tue, 27 May 2025 02:44:44 +0000
**ID:** 1970fa1d3b857786
---

Let us turn back the clock to 2003. The great Dan Kennedy gave a stellar presentation to Email Players subscriber Ken McCarthy’s prestigious System Seminar that year. And the presentation was titled “Luddite in Cyberspace.” I still listen to that talk to this day. And while he did get at least one prediction wrong (that soon the government would start taxing emails sent - something that could still happen though)... he got a lot right. Two of them are especially relevant today 22 years later. The first: That while the internet as a commercial platform was especially new, exciting, profitable, with low barrier to entry at the time (with IM goo-roos showing a computer as an ATM machine to illustrate as such), it was ultimately just a marketing media like any other media. And the same principles applied to it as any offline media. He also said it would one day be replaced as “the thing” by something else that everyone hops to. i.e., so-called AI which is not a marketing media, but the terminally online dorklords who worship it as idol love to use it as their example: "everyone fought the internet too, but those who waited lost out, same with AI!” No, sugarbubs. It’s not the same thing. Anyway, here was the second Dan Kennedy “prophecy” that was true: He said ultimately the most profitable thing for the internet is... direct mail. And if you look at what some of the biggest online companies do (Amazon, etc) do... you will see that, yes, they use direct mail for customer acquisition as aggressively as they do online medias. Something else to ponder: There may very well have been more exaggerations about the death of direct mail as there have been of the supposed death of email. The most amusing thing about "death of email" predictions is, they are always delivered via email. I have never gotten a direct mail piece telling me about the death of email. But I have gotten a lot of emails about its death. But back to direct mail: It supposedly died with the internet. Then with the anthrax scare right after 9/11. Then with social media. And the list goes on. Well, I’m here to remind you of the Profit Kennedy’s take on this: Direct mail is alive and well. But, I do believe after dabbling with it in our Low Stress Trading company to drive opt-ins to our list that it ain’t our grandpa’s direct mail anymore. Nor do I believe it’s the same animal it was 30, 20, or even 10 years ago. Costs, logistics, lead quality (and quantity) are simply not the same as I heard from the old timey day direct mail war stories. This is neither good or bad, it simply is. And in the June Email Players issue I show you the two test pieces we did with direct mail to get opt-ins, which of them won (they both did far better than the industry average, one of them simply did much better than the other), and a detailed analysis of the winner - much of which can also apply to online sales letters, emails, and marketing. Same principles, but sometimes different logistics. You can read all about what’s inside in the P.S. down yonder. To learn more about the newsletter itself though go here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com Ben Settle P.S. Here’s a quickie “snapshot” of what’s in the June issue: * The “butt clench” test to know if you are pushing hard enough with your guarantees. * Advice I got straight from the world’s greatest direct mail strategist that can help you sell to ice cold leads who have no idea who you are with no real reason to listen to a word you say. * The Phil Donahue daytime talk show secret to profiting from boring “I like the color of the product packaging” type testimonials that don’t really say anything useful. (This won’t work for all testimonials, but if you can use it with even ONE of them, you will likely see a dramatic rise in response.) * A reverse psychology copywriting technique that can potentially help get even the most jaded & skeptical leads, prospects, and customers to chase you instead of you chasing them. * An admitted twisted secret I recently used for getting far higher response to a direct mail campaign (I suspect it might also work online, probably, although I admittedly have yet to test it. Anyway, do what you want with this info, I am merely showing you what I did to get 5x the average direct mail response.) * How creating a “double readership path” in your sales copy can potentially destroy your sales and response. (This flies in the face of a lot of copywriting books - but like all rules it can and, sometimes should, be broken. See page 20.) * An ingenious writing secret (found in popular old detective novels) that can help make your blatant selling ads feel like content. * A sneaky way to “pre-test” an ad to help know if it’s going to win or bomb before spending any time or money running it. * How deliberately including a “pinch” (just a pinch!) of outright psychopathy can help create, build, and grow a business in the diet niche. (NOTE: discernment and being able to read between the lines is required if you’re going to use this bit of knowledge I learned from an old Gary Halbert diet promotion campaign.) * What the great A-list copywriter Doug D’Anna recently taught me (on a live call) about what is perhaps the #1 body copy secret for turning ice cold leads into red hot sales. * A clever way to use a prospect’s own mailbox to help drive up response and sales if you use direct mail. * Probably the #1 most profitable copywriting technique I have ever learned that helped even my early “mid” level sales copy pull like crazy - including when competing against far better copywriters. (This technique haunts nearly every ad and email I write - including in THIS email you’re reading as I use it “on you.” Details on page 16 inside.) * A little-known trick (I learned directly from one of the best publicity experts who ever lived) for writing tighter, stronger, and more responsive sales copy. * A word-for-word email I sent a business partner explaining exactly how to grow a strong and ever-growing customer/client base. (Including during times like now where most businesses are hemorrhaging sales & customers left & right with no end insight!) * A real life case study in how writing a “Hail Mary pass” ad (that clients will hate and you’ll probably have trouble even getting tested) can blast your response far higher than playing it safe. * A stupid, amateur, and all-too-common landing page mistake that can kill your direct mail campaign response. (Yes, I, your ever-humble daily narrator made this idiotic blunder in a recent direct mail test to drive opt-ins to a web page... and even though we still did exceptionally well, we could have gotten probably 5-10x MORE response had I not had my head up my arse about this.) * A secret way (copy chiefs will almost certainly despise - so don’t expect anyone to cheer you on if you do it) for copywriters to use LOSING ads and sales letters in their swipe files to write winners that break sales & response records. * A ridiculously responsive headline template invented by the late, brilliant copywriter Gene Schwartz that I have yet to see fail. (It can also work as a template for writing your sales pitch openers, too, if you struggle with those.) * How to “soften” big, crazy claims & benefits (assuming they are true) so they are far more believable and far less likely to set off someone’s “bull shit” detector. * How to write sales copy in a way where the reader is more likely to think “this guy can’t be lying” as he reads it. (Doesn’t guarantee he will buy or respond, but it should at least get you a fair reading and chance to sell him if you do it right.) * How to use the ancient “law of the jungle” in your ads & emails to potentially want to buy what you’re selling even if they originally had no interest in what you’re writing about. * A secret used by history’s greatest military generals (Napoleon and Alexander the Great especially especially advocated this) for winning war campaigns you can also use to win more copywriting, email, and other marketing campaigns. (Gene Schwartz advocated doing this in copywriting as well, and so have many other A-list copywriters I’ve studied. With all of them retiring it’s almost like a lost art now.) * A secret taught by the late, great Jim Rutz (one of the top 3 copywriters, easy, of his day) about how to write to leads in the finance space that can help get both higher response and better customers. * Why so many old school direct mail guys are online and don’t really do much cold direct mail themselves anymore. * A nuanced look at what I believe is the perfect copywriting “tone” for selling to super jaded and skeptical markets where people are (literally, this is what goes through their head) looking at every sentence you write and thinking, “this is bull shit” and looking for reasons to delete, click away, or (if direct mail) toss you out. * Speaking of guarantees: How to cover your arse from getting overrun with fraudulent refunders who love to buy and frivolously refund. * A real life example of how to use “social engineering” on the sneak in your calls to action for higher response and better quality customers. More about Email Players right here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA