# Why copywriting clients want nothing to do with you

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 14 Jun 2025 13:45:20 +0000
**ID:** 1976eb061aebb570
---

Came a question: “I'm guilty of just sending cold DM's, but after looking through my circle, it doesn't look like there's warm leads for me where I could help them by writing copy. I think in this scenario, local business outreach is the way to go. But I'd love to hear your thoughts.” All right, here goes: 1. Make list of 10 companies you genuinely respect, are a fan of, and whose products you already use & who already hire direct response copywriters - i.e., sell to buyers 2. Contact them 3. Tell them you are a copywriter and ask who to talk to about potentially writing copy 4. Take it from there Sexy? No. But it gets you in the game building contacts and relationships. Plus, you can talk passionately about their offers. And even if one is not interested they might refer you to others if you're a professional about it and have skill. Let the amateur guys DM like mouth breathers sending dik pics on dating apps. It ain’t hard to stand out from them. Frankly it's why, if you are one of them, high quality clients probably want nothing to do with you. Maybe the dregs and bums, but not the high class play. And if you want to really step up your client-acquisition game, start learning World-Building. i.e., build not just a business… but a “world” would-be customers & clients want to enter and, if you do your job right, never want to leave, with you potentially being the only business they’d even dream of wanting to hire. I have a comprehensive book about this (not currently for sale) that costs well over $1,000. Or you can get another one I sell quite inexpensively on Amazon here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/bizworld Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA