# What to sell an email list on life support

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Wed, 04 Jun 2025 18:52:47 +0000
**ID:** 1973c4a27164d813
---

An Email Players subscriber (not sure she wants me naming her, so keeping anon) asks: === I am about to revive my list after not sending daily emails for a while. And I have questions about offers and daily email’s CTA. I know it’s better to have a CTA in each email (don’t have to be an offer even though it’s better). But how would you approach having only one product (if not zero). Would you send people to the same offer every day? Wouldn’t that bore them out? Assuming I don’t want to do any affiliate. And if it’s a bad idea to send them to the same offer everyday, then I just don’t put any CTA in the email? Thanks in advance for your help! Appreciate it all. === My take: 1. If you have an offer you can sell it literally every day, then ideally those buyers go on a different list and are taken off the main list, then mail those buyers something else selling something else. 2. Or, just mail your main offer, and toss in some emails as often as you want sending them somewhere that could potentially lead to a sale of something you. Could be sending them to your social media page to get the algorithms working a little bit for you, or to a YouTube channel you have, or anything, really, that gives them a good experience. Ideally something of yours or that leads to something of yours, potentially. There is no real “rule” for it no matter what goo-roos prancing around stage say. It’s always a matter of good, better, best. Most important thing is you give a good reading experience and buying experience as well as a good experience wherever they land each day. You don’t have to worry about boring people if you send them something interesting to think about, talk about, tell others about… with your CTA being something they are glad they clicked and checked out, even if they do not buy (yet). “No” just means no for now. Not necessarily forever. That’s the beauty of unlimited follow up emails - you get to come back again tomorrow. Finally: With so many people sending so much nonsensical emails right now, this is the ideal time to start making yourself the ONE person they look forward to reading, don’t ignore, and don’t delete on sight. There has never been an easier time to stand out in the inbox than now, even though there has never been a time with more noise and competition in the inbox. A paradox in some ways. But a paradox I believe works to the advantage of my Email Players boys & ghouls. As far as email goes: If you want to see the world’s only Email Players-approved email broadcasting/auto-responder platform, made BY email marketers FOR email marketers, and not by developers & investors looking for an exit or whatever while raising your prices and forcing you to pay for features you don’t want or need… See our BerserkerMail platform. You can get a free test drive with no credit card needed. You will also get access to the free mobile app, too, with training inside. Plus, we give you (just for getting a free test drive) a free copy of an eBook I wrote about creating quick cashflow even during a worldwide financial crisis. A timely bit o’ information indeed right now, to say the least. Here’s where to check it all out: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/berserker Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA