# The Benobites will tear your email soul apart

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sun, 12 Oct 2025 22:14:23 +0000
**ID:** 199da7e5a3eee717
---

Since it's Halloween time... it's time to re-watch the inimitable 80's horror flick: “Hellraiser” If you’ve never seen it, it’s about a mystical puzzle box that, when played with, summons the horrifying Cenobites - which are extra-dimensional and grotesquely sadomasochistic beings (even dressed as such) who can no longer tell the difference between pain or pleasure. The leader is the infamous “Pinhead” who has pins growing out of his face, and who loves to tell his victims how he is going to: “tear your soul apart!” And also how... “we have such sights to show you!” After which they violently shred & rip peoples' flesh & meat bodies apart. Very gruesome stuff not recommended for the easily disturbed. Anyway, it's always fun re-watching it, but also useful too. Because every time it gets me to think about the business. And, especially, one of the most tried & true ways to sell with email, or any other media, ever invented by the mind of mortal man... which is to: “Get ‘em in with pain, and you keep ‘em in with pleasure.” One of many direct response marketing 101 ways to sell. This is especially true if you sell subscription offers of any kind. Either way though, it might as well be advanced PhD-level science these days where people think it's all about "wordsmithing" or, slightly less effeminate-sounding: "prompt engineering." Just something to think about. If you want your email soul ripped apart, put back together again, and making so many sales it haunts the nightmares of your competition… then simply join me and my faithful horde of “Benobites” in the free Settleheads Facebook group where I talk about email and other topics, depending on what interests me. I put all kinds of content in there that don't make it into these daily emails. And, also, content that doesn't even make it into my Email Players paid newsletter. Anyway, you can join free at the link below. And, yes, have such sights to show you.. https://www.EmailPlayers.com/settleheads Ben Settle This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA