# Why David Lynch was an unsung copywriting genius

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Sat, 10 May 2025 02:45:03 +0000
**ID:** 196b815068eb80e0
---

Let me tell you a story about what I call “David Lynch” copywriting. Based, of course, upon the recently departed movie director David Lynch. Here's the story: One of the things he did better than probably anyone else in movies then and since is, he constantly filled his movies and TV shows with random & weird & bizarre stuff so that there’s practically always something off-key going on grabbing onto your attention. It keeps sucking your mind back in before it wanders off and forces the viewer to ask “what is that...” and have to stick around to get the answers. He did this especially well in his cult hit show “Twin Peaks”. Like, for example: The chick with the eye patch, the dancing midget in the main character’s dreams, weird music, a room service waiter who sees the main character bleeding to death in his hotel room and just gives him a merry wink & a thumbs up as he lay there, a lady who walks around carrying a log everywhere she goes… and the list goes on. Nearly every scene, every character, every line of dialog (for the most part) has something weird, out of the ordinary, out of place, or somehow random going on. And it works like crazy to keep attention. In David Lynch’s case, he was a “disturb, offend, or mystify” moviemaker. Think the “severed ear” and Dennis Hopper’s character in Blue Velvet. There are many more lessons the wise marketer can still extract from DL. Like, for example: * Lynch was a "Mission first" guy through and through. * Which I believe is how he generated so much loyalty from people who should have hated him, and despite him avoiding people via his being extremely reclusive. * He was a filmmaker who rarely watched movies. * Whether purposely or accidentally, he had mastered the art and craft of creating a Status about himself, where even if someone thinks his work is dog pewp, they still call him a genius while badgering anyone who disagrees. A form of what I have dubbed (and taught) called 6G Marketing Warfare. * And the list goes on. I bring this up because of one of his movies: “The Elephant Man” And, specifically, the bonus “Swipe Stream Vol 1” I’m giving free as a bonus to those who buy my Mad Men Copywriting Secrets offer before tonight’s deadline, and an engagement trick discovered by the guy who wrote the book that movie is based on, that can help nab attention even from prospects who’d normally ignore your emails and ads. It’s something that has worked for probably 1000s of years. But, you don’t see a whole lot of it anymore. And when you do see it, it’s done in a not-very-tasteful way, imo. I won’t say every business can use this. But if you can, it could give you a huge leg-up — especially in this arena where you are competing against more marketing and everyone having a platform than at any other time in human history. Even seasoned pros have trouble standing out now. And it’s why engagement and sales are dropping like flies across the board in a lot of cases for a lot of businesses. Especially as the economy is all over the place. Anyway, more in the bonus. As for Mad Men Copywriting Secrets: I originally gifted it to Email Players subscribers last year (to celebrate the newsletter’s 150th issue). And it’s an oversized (in physical size and word count) issue that exists outside the continuity of the main issues — and contains some of my favorite of those old Mad Men methods. It’s also something I’m making available for sale to the masses, along with an extremely valuable bonus (see the PS below) until tonight, Friday 5/9 at midnight EDT. (About an hour from when I am sending this out) Anyway, time is short. And depending on when you see this, it could already be too late. If not, you can learn more about it here: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/madmen Ben Settle P.S. As for the bonus, it’s called: "The Swipestream Vol 1” Besides the above Elephant Man tip, a few of the other tips inside include: * How to help protect your business from getting fine and/or prosecuted by alphabet regulatory agencies when you didn’t even realize you were breaking any laws! (With cash-strapped states and governments starving for revenue this is more important than ever — especially if you sell anything related to money or health.) * The next best thing to having a crystal ball: How to know what your list wants to buy from your business before they even know! * An old timey day used car salesman’s trick that can help you uncover what your market really wants to spend money on vs what they merely say they want. (Asking this question to would-be customers and clients is like injecting truth serum into them so they tell you exactly what and how to sell to them.) * What to write if you’re stuck and can't think of a way to start an ad or email that can suck readers right in. * An inside look at how mail order millionaire Charles Atlas would sell his offers before anyone even saw the advertising promoting them. And that’s just a small sip. You can read more of what’s inside at the link. Also, very important: You’ll need a smart phone or iPad to access this bonus. So keep that in mind before buying this offer if you want this bonus. Here’s the link again: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/madmen This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA