# 41 tips about selling subscription offers

**De:** Ben Settle <ben@bensettle.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 06 Oct 2025 23:44:56 +0000
**ID:** 199bbeb99addf5aa
---

1. They’re usually much harder to sell than one-off offers 2. So if you don’t have super airtight email and/or lead gen game and a strong relationship with your list you are better off selling subscriptions on the back end vs the front end 3. They tend to attract the best, the smartest, and the most ambitious customers on your list - the ones you can take absolute pleasure in working your arse off to serve and support 4. And you’ll need those particular customers for your sanity if you're sales copy/bullets and/or premiums are good, because your subscription offer will also attract a lot of the flakiest and sometimes semi-illiterate people on your list with zero self control over their dopamine addictions 5. I suggest trying hard to REPEL the above in your marketing from subscribing and blocking at first slight so they become some other business’ problem instead of yours 6. Unless, of course, you just want to take their money knowing you cannot help them, I guess 7. Subscription offers work more smoothly if you put what I call an “intermediate” sales page between the sales page and the order form that re-lists the most important things you want people to know to further curate 8. I not only have such a page for Email Players, but we have one for Low Stress Trading, too, and they work exactly as intended 9. Yes, they might “cost” you some sales 10. No, that’s not a bad thing, as it can save you a lot of time & frustration 11. If anything, it creates a smaller, but more engaged and eager-to-refer customer/client base in my experience 12. It’s not about squeezing every last nickel out of your market - if it is, you won’t last long or will find yourself hating your own business as many subscription-based marketers I know and/or know of do 13. You’ll still get customers that ignore the intermediate page, then turn around and ask questions that were answered on the sales page, the intermediate page, and the order form (again, see #4 above) 14. This is because a lot of people are functionally illiterate these days due to so-called AI, TikTok, and the social media dopamine-adrenaline engagement machine 15. But you will still get far fewer of the customers you don't want if you use the intermediate page in my experience 16. The subscription bubble (everyone thinks they have a “Netflix model” these days) that started forming in 2021’ish has been hissing air, but it’s still got a ways to go, probably 17. Until then you might be better off focusing on selling bulk vs subscriptions 18. Will not explain what that means, you either know or you don’t 19. Subscription offers are not first about “content” but about Experience 20. That means fapGPT & other so-called AI tools that churn out content (if a content-based subscription offer, of course) will not be nearly as useful as the terminally online Sam Altman fan club thinks 21. Hardly anyone really cancels subscriptions (unless super expensive) because of money 22. They are lying to themselves and you when they say that, which is a good reason to ban them forever (why do business with liars?) 23. If it really is because of money (it’s not) they’d cancel ALL their entertainment (they don’t) subscriptions and daily sugar coffees (they don’t), and apply for public assistance (they don’t) 24. The real reason likely (not always) has more to do with lack of stimulation (i.e., you bored them, or didn't enrage them, entertain them, excite them, adequately educate them, etc)... 25. The above is not “bad”, btw, it’s simply life, not everyone is going to be your ideal customer and you are not going to be everyone's ideal business/person/service - which is why you must always build your list and mail it 26. “Buyers are liars” ain't just a trope, so just keep building and mailing and serving whether times are good, bad, or stagnant 27. Dan Kennedy's "Loyalty fatigue" phenomenon is another reason people don't stick around 28. You may think it makes zero sense if you are solving someone's problems, and they just sent you a ten page testimonials... but it goes back to what Hitchcock’s commentary about logic vs effect 29. It’s ultimately YOUR fault for losing their interest or not curating them out earlier in the first place 30. If you focus first on service & Experience, you will inevitably replace those who leave your subscription with someone better, smarter, more eager to use your product 31. Take Gary Halbert’s advice about selling the foxes and ignoring the dogs - it’s one of the single most important things you can do if you sell subscription offers 32. Yes, there are still plenty of foxes left in most niches, as not everyone is a drooling-on-the-carpet TikTok brain’d, fapGPT-prompting zombie 33. However, the dogs are gaining in population, though, and probably 10 years from now any non-entertainment or necessity-related subscription offer will probably not be worth your time unless there’s a radical shift in the culture and/or social media is outright banned 34. One reason business is changing fast is because people are changing (not for the better) fast - which MIGHT reverse itself - out of self preservation - during a major economic collapse though, which I believe is not only inevitable but imminent 35. Either way, I suggest learning how to trade options using Low Stress Trading today, so you won’t give a shyt tomorrow no matter what happens - and maybe even profit from it all 36. That is what not only me, but many Email Players using Low Stress Trading are doing, who see the same writing on the wall I do 37. This is why I am in the trading business, not the subscription business (i.e.., not a book & newsletter publisher who trades, but a trader who publishes books & newsletters) 38. This includes our own software and Low Stress Trading companies that each have trading accounts of their own - and the profits from that trading will, if things continue on pace, dwarf the sales of the actual product sales in the not-too-distant future 39. There is no going back to 1999, 2009, or even 2019 in info marketing - that game is long over, and the people who will suffer most are probably the younger people (under 30) 40. None of this means you shouldn’t sell a subscription offer - you should if it’s the best way to serve your customers & clients, but if it’s not then why bother? Selling subscriptions just because your favorite goo-roo told you to is stupid on a stick anyway 41. Take all this as an “option” for thinking differently, and not as marketing gospel as there are always exceptions, and there is always nuance to these things Finally, just to be clear about something: Ain’t none of the above 41 parts are theory. It’s straight from 16+ years of publishing various subscription offers (since 2009) - including my first one (the Crackerjack Selling Club, lasted one month before I realized I hated it), my old Crypto Marketing Secrets newsletter which lasted 30 issues before I switched to my Email Players print newsletter (going strong for over 14 years now), plus owning multiple subscription-based SaaS offers - including BerserkerMail, Learnistic, and most recently our Low Stress Trading subscription coaching/software hybrid business that itself has multiple subscription offers stacked on top of it. So yes, I have a wee bit of real world experience with this. The times they are a’changing. If you want to USE that change, and ride that wave and not be broken & drowned by it? I suggest at least looking into our Low Stress Trading methodology. It can be one helluva “hedge” against all the above. Anyway, I got two links if this is of interest to you. Link #1: Is to sign up for tomorrow’s next live, free training on how Low Stress Trading works in “real time”, where I’ll be grilling Troy on what his trading framework looks like, and you can see his bare nekid account, ask questions, hold his feet to the fire, and even outright badger him to prove he’s telling you the truth (you will be doing him a bonafide favor if you do - he WANTS you to try to stump him). Here’s that link to register (at the top of the page) https://www.EmailPlayers.com/options Tomorrow’s live training is at: 5:00 EDT / 4:00 CDT / 3:00 MDT / 2:00 PDT. If you end up buying the offer, use RefCode SETTLE to get a special bonus: Your pick of any ONE book listed in the P.S. below. It also has pertinent deadline and instructions for how to claim it. NOTE: This is the LAST time I will be selling Low Stress Trading with this free book offer at the current pricing. Next time you see me promote this the price will have doubled. So if you’re on the fence, keep that in mind. If you want to pay more later, that’s fine by us, of course. But giving you a heads up here that it will double. Link #2: Is to the Low Stress Trading TrustPilot reviews. I cannot legally vouch for any of the claims there, of course. And many are so surreal the three attorneys we hire telling us we can’t really use them as-is in our marketing, but you can read them independently on that site: https://www.EmailPlayers.com/lst/trust Not a fan of putting links to more than one site in an email. But it’s important you make an informed purchase not just for your sake, but because we don’t want people to just “buy” Low Stress Trading, we want people who are bought in to it. Finally: See the P.S. below for the bonus book list if you buy and deadline to claim it. Ben Settle P.S. To get a free copy of any one of the books below as a bonus you must: (1) buy Low Stress Trading via RefCode SETTLE at the checkout and (2) let me know which book from the list below BY the 10/10/25 at midnight EDT deadline. If you send me your book pick AFTER that it will be ignored. I hate “tail” in marketing in all its evil forms. So either let me know your book pick by the deadline or no book for you. Here is the list of books to choose from: * ParaSELL Universe * Markauteur * elBenbo Press * Affiliate Launch Copynomicon * Copy Slacker * List Swell * Email Client Horde * Social Lair * Copy Troll * Infotainment Jackpot * Brand Barbarian * Breakneck Content * NOfluence * Copy Salesliloquies * Count of Content To read more about a specific book below, Google is your friend. Again, to qualify for your free book you must (1) buy Low Stress Trading with RefCode SETTLE and (2) let me know your book pick BY the Friday 10/10/25 deadline. This email was sent by Ben Settle as owner of Settle, LLC. Copyright © 2025 Settle, LLC. All Rights Reserved. No part of this email may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from Settle, LLC. Click here to unsubscribe Settle, LLC PO Box 1056 Gold Beach Oregon 97444 USA