# What A.I. Now Stands for

**De:** Matt Furey <matt@mattfurey.com>
**Fecha:** Mon, 23 Feb 2026 22:10:05 +0000
**ID:** 19c8c8d75920ed7c
---

What A.I. Now Stands for

Many people wonder why I am not into A.I.

They think and act as if A.I. is the second cumming - and then turn it around and try to convince you that if you don't begin using in NOW - you will perish.

But who and what is really going to perish if everyone completely buys into A.I.?

The answer is... people with unique abilities, talents and skills. They will perish.

Gradually, and then much quicker than you can imagine, the "use it or lose it" principle will take hold, and otherwise smart and creative people won't be worth a damn.

When the depression sinks in, and it will, there won't be a drug to help these people recover. The only way out will be to regain what you willingly gave away - but after it is lost, it will be nearly impossible to reclaim it.

Believe it or don't (but you can look it up), your brain makes decisions to delete what is not being used. I'm not just talking about memories, either. What I'm talking about are your skills and talents and the ability to enhance them.

The human brain doesn't ask you for permission before  dragging your abilities into the trash, either. It makes the decision independently.

This is why I now consider A.I. as Armageddumb Intelligence.

The fear of being replaced has already caused many to put down their pens and stop using their own minds. But don't worry, those who are still creating with their own hands are not going anywhere. The demand for their services will increase as the others who "bought in" might be able to wake up (no guarantee) to what they've done to themselves.

It'll be somewhat similar to electing someone to office who promises to raise taxes on the rich. Many who were ecstatic when he was sworn in are then caught sucking their thumbs when he turns around and taxes them, the middle class who gave him the job. And now they rebel.

Then again, there are those who voted him in who will never consider or admit that they are the ones who did this to themselves.

And that's the end of this lesson!

Matt Furey

KnockoutMarketing.com
Copyright, 2026, Matt Furey Enterprises, Inc. and the Psycho-Cybernetics Foundation, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction of any portion of this email is strictly prohibited without the express written consent of Matt Furey Enterprises, Inc. and/or the Psycho- Cybernetics Foundation, Inc. Matt Furey Enterprises, Inc. Psycho-Cybernetics, LLC P.O. Box 2024
Lutz FL 33549, USA 813 994 8267 Phone  email: matt@mattfurey.com
P.O. Box 2024 
Lutz FL 33549
US

To unsubscribe or change subscriber options, visit:
https://www.aweber.com/z/r/?rExMzOwsHLRMjMyMDMxMDKyMtEa0bAxsnIwsjEw=

