---
titulo: "The Email Lifeline"
autor: "Anik Singal"
anio: 2015
idioma: "en"
categoria: "cold_email"
fuente_original: "The Email Lifeline -- Anik Singal -- 2015 -- 9feb5fafb57921da907dcc7ac71e2fec -- Anna’s Archive.pdf"
isbn: null
---

# T

## HE

# E

## MAIL

# L

## IFELINE

### H

OW TO

### I

NCREASE

### Y

OUR

### E-M

AIL

### M

ARKETING

### P

ROFITS BY

### 300%

### U

SING A IMPLE

### F

ORMULA

### A

NIK INGAL THE EMAIL LIFELINE Copyright @2015 by Anik Singal may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

### P

ERSONAL

### M

ESSAGE

### F

ROM

### A

NIK INGAL Dear Reader, I want to first congratulate you for taking this big step to improving your Email Marketing. You're about to add a tremendous amount of income to your business, as long as you follow-through the simple teachings of this system. I've been an avid Email Marketer for over 10 years, a diligent student as well as practitioner. I've tested everything under the sun. I've studied the best marketing minds of our generation and I've implemented every high-converting secret you can think of. The system you're about to learn has helped me create an Email Marketing business that generates me a net $500,000 to $1 Million a month - all from sending out some Emails. There is just no better business in the world. I get to build relationships, change lives, provide value - all while creating an amazing lifestyle and business for myself. The power you're about to receive from this book alone will transform your business. If you already have an Email list, you will start seeing an increase in you income by tomorrow morning. If you are just starting to build your list, well, you couldn't be reading this book at a better time. This knowledge simply does not exist anywhere else on the Internet. However, what you learn in this book is still nothing compared to what I'm about to offer to you now - all for Free. I want to invite you to join me for a series of Free Training sessions. I'm holding your seat for you, there's no catch and there's no price to pay. It's 100% FREE. The LIVE training starts on July 23 rd . All you need to do is head over to and save your seat. That's it. During these LIVE training sessions, I will dive deep into some of the most effective marketing concepts you've ever heard. I will open the curtains to my most successful campaigns and also my most costly mistakes. My goal is to hold absolutely nothing back from you and to give you absolutely ever piece of knowledge I have that helps me generate upwards of $1 Million a month - all net profit. After all, you're family now. So, please take me up on this. Go to right away and save your seat! Yours truly, Anik Singal, CEO - VSS Mind Media, Inc.

### CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION: WHAT IS EMAIL MARKETING ................................................................... 6 C HAPTER 1: R EASONS W HY E MAIL T RAFFIC I S B ETTER T HAN A LL O THER T RAFFIC ................................ 8 C HAPTER 2: W HAT A RE E MAIL L EADS W ORTH T O Y OUR B USINESS ? ................................................. 14 C HAPTER 3: H OW D O Y OU B UILD AN E MAIL L IST ? ......................................................................... 16 C HAPTER 4: U SING F REE T RAFFIC T O B UILD Y OUR E MAIL L IST .......................................................... 18 C HAPTER 5: U SING I NVESTMENT T RAFFIC T O B UILD Y OUR E MAIL L IST ............................................... 27 C HAPTER 6: K EY E MAIL M ARKETING L INGO ................................................................................... 32 PART 1: THE EMAIL MARKETING BUSINESS ...................................................................... 34 C HAPTER 7: T HE J OB F UNCTIONS OF AN E MAIL M ARKETER ........................................................... 35 C HAPTER 8: H OW D O Y OU P RESELL ............................................................................................ 43 C HAPTER 9: T HE T WO M AIN P ARTS OF AN E MAIL .......................................................................... 45 PART 2: THE EMAIL MARKETING BUSINESS ...................................................................... 51 C HAPTER 10: W HAT P RODUCTS S HOULD Y OU P ROMOTE ................................................................ 52 C HAPTER 11: H OW T O F IND P RODUCTS T O P ROMOTE .................................................................... 57 C HAPTER 12: W HAT I S T HE E MAIL L IFELINE .................................................................................. 60 C HAPTER 13: T HE T YPES OF O FFERS ......................................................................................... 65 C HAPTER 14: H OW T O P ROMOTE E ACH T YPE OF O FFER .................................................................. 68 PART 3: EMAIL MARKETING SECRETS & CASE STUDIES ..................................................... 78 C HAPTER 15: S ECRET #1 - T HE S TORY M ETHOD ........................................................................... 79 C HAPTER 16: S ECRET #2 - E VENT -B ASED M ARKETING ................................................................... 87 C HAPTER 17: S ECRET #3 - K NOW THE B USINESS ......................................................................... 104 IN CONCLUSION… .......................................................................................................... 109 T HE E MAIL L IFELINE

### INTRODUCTION:

### WHAT IS EMAIL MARKETING

Before we can start, let's answer the most important question: W HAT IS THE E MAIL M ARKETING B USINESS M ODEL ? Email marketing is one of the various ways of making money on the Internet, however, in my opinion it's the best way. So, when we talk about making money from the Internet, you always hear the usual candidates: - Affiliate Marketing - Digital Product Creation - CPA - Cost Per Action (Getting Paid for Leads) - eCommerce - Advertising (Adsense, etc…) T HE E MAIL L IFELINE Here is where Email marketing gets involved. With an Email Marketing Business, the primary focus of all your marketing and traffic generation efforts is to help you build an Email list. No matter what traffic strategy you use, the goal is always to direct the visitor to a page where they have an option to get a Free gift from you, in exchange for giving you their Email address. We call this process an "opt-in." This is because they are "opting-in" to your Email list to get your Free gift (which can be a Free report, video or audio file). The benefit of grabbing your visitor's Email address is that you never have to pay for their clicks again. After the initial tiny investment to get their Email address, you will never have to pay for their traffic again. You can continue to market to that visitor for the rest of their life on your list and it never costs you a penny more. Compare this to 'not' capturing their Email address. If someone clicks from an advertisement and goes straight to a sales page - you are going to lose most of that traffic. Even if your sales page is converting at a gangbuster 5%, you are still losing 95% of your traffic. They are lost forever. The only way to get them back to your website in the future is to have them, yet again, click an ad. If they click an ad again, it means you have to pay again, but for the same visitor. However, if you drive your traffic to a page (called an opt-in page) where they can give you their Email address, you can get conversions as high as 70%. Now, instead of losing 95% of your visitors, you're capturing 70% of them! The best part also being that you will never have to pay again for that visitor to come back to your website (or even the other websites you promote in the future)! This means that no matter what you promote. Whether you promote an affiliate product, a CPA offer, a page full of advertisements or even your own products (digital or physical), you can send traffic to these pages for Free. Believe it or not, getting free traffic for life is not even the #1 benefit of Email Marketing. The real power behind Email Marketing is that it has consistently been proven (in recent times) to be the BEST way to reach any and all consumers online. Let's dive in. It's time you became a master at Email Marketing. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE CHAPTER 1: 5 REASONS WHY EMAIL TRAFFIC IS BETTER THAN ALL OTHER TRAFFIC No matter what new social media sites come out, no matter how powerful Google gets; nothing is touching the speed of growth that Email is having. In this Chapter, I want to give you factual evidence about the power of centering your consumer communication through Email. No matter what business you are running or planning to run, after this Chapter, plan to make Email Marketing the backbone of your business! #1 - U NDENIABLE S TATISTICS T HE E MAIL L IFELINE Consumers are using Email more and more on a daily basis and there could be no better music to your ears! You now have direct access to any consumer, in pretty much any part of the World and all at almost no cost to you! Imagine, sitting in New York, you can now build a strong relationship with consumers sitting in China, South Africa, London and India - all for the same effort you put in currently. Now, that's real power. #2 - R ELATIONSHIPS D RIVE D ECISIONS Think about it. When someone clicks an advertisement on Google or Facebook, they have virtually no relationship with you. They're a "cold" click. Your marketing message better be brilliant. There is very little room for errors. You have to convince your new visitor to buy a product impulsively, on the spot. However, let's turn that boat around for a minute. What if, instead, you offer them a valuable gift for Free just in exchange for their Email. Now, you're not selling anything - you're simply offering them a gift. Once you capture their Email, you have their peaked interest and a perfect opportunity to build a relationship with them. You get time to win their trust. Suddenly "cold" traffic becomes "warm" traffic and your conversions go through the roof (not to mention the life- long benefit of that relationship). I'll just ask you one question. Who do you trust more? Your friend or a stranger you just met on the street? Relationships drive decisions. Building a stronger and more intimate relationship with your visitors is the #1 way to increase your conversions (there is no copywriting technique that can beat that)! #3 - C ONTROL L EADS T O M ARKETING P OWER Another major benefit of having an Email list is having definite control. It doesn't matter what website you create or what product you promote. Whether it's an affiliate product, your own product or even your blog (to improve your SEO rankings), you have the power to drive traffic to anything you chose! The real power comes when you are ready to launch your own product. As long as you T HE E MAIL L IFELINE have an existing Email list, you can literally launch any product you want and be guaranteed to have it profitable within the first day! #4 - A N A SSET WITH T RUE V ALUE Let's assume for a minute that you plan on primarily being an affiliate ( this means that you will generate mostly all of your income by promoting other people's products). Look at your two options: Option #1 - Get traffic and send it to the sales page to collect your commission. Option #2 - Get traffic and send it to a page where you collect Email addresses. Now assume you have been building this business for a couple of years and you are very successful. As a matter of fact, you're already generating over $1M in profit per year. You decide to either sell the business or pass it on to other generations. Well, option #1 carries virtually no value. There is no "asset" in your business. Your business is basically just an arbitrage play. At any moment the sources that are sending you traffic could go away (Google, Facebook, etc…). At the click of a button, they could turn your traffic off leaving your business with virtually no income. However, if you have taken option #2, you have been building an Email list the entire time. No matter what your traffic sources do, you always have an asset in your business that you control. So, if you decide to sell your business, you have an asset that the buyer can feel confidence in. A business with a strong Email list is a business that can weather virtually any storm. There is absolutely no other business model that carries those benefits. - - - M Y $1.7 M ILLION D EBT T HAT W AS P AID B ACK U SING E MAIL M ARKETING There's a period of my life that I don't speak about often. It took me a great deal of strength to even bring it out the first time I did. It was by far the darkest days in my life. In 2002, I started building my online business. I had only $100 to my name. I worked day and night. It took me 18 months before I made my first $1,000. Between 2002 and T HE E MAIL L IFELINE 2008, I worked for every inch of growth my company had. I went through more ups and downs than I can even begin to tell you. However, by 2008, my business was on track to doing $10 Million a year. I was on top of the World. I could see my private jet-setting days ahead. I wanted to reach even higher, I wanted the BIG vision. I didn't want to play in millions anymore. I wanted to play in billions. So, I did what I thought was best. I opened more offices. I hired more people. I hired management. My view was that, as the CEO, my job was to sit at the top, delegate work and go attack big visions. I mean, after all, I had the money. It seemed that anything I touched was turning into gold! Then… it happened. The market crashed. Our industry crashed. Suddenly, my revenue began to plummet but, being a new CEO, I didn't adjust the business. Rather, I kept on hiring and I kept on investing (trying to beat the market). Within one year, even though my company had generated $10 Million in revenue, I found myself $1.7 Million in debt. I was tapped out. I owed everyone money. Family, friends, affiliates, vendors, banks, credit cards, and even my attorneys. I was being told to declare bankruptcy and run for the hills. However, something inside of me refused to go out like that. I remember shutting down all my offices. I remember going from a team of 86 employees to 6. It was truly the worst time in my life. Everything around me, including my health, took a nose-dive. Here's where Email Marketing saved my life. On the last day of my office lease, I was sitting alone in my 5,000 sq. ft. office at 9 PM in pitch black dark. I sat there thinking "what went wrong?" I took $100 and turned it into millions and then suddenly, at the snap of a finger, I lost it all. What had happened? What were the basics that I had focused on during the growth years that I seemed to have forgotten during my doom year? It was that moment that I realized it was just one thing. My Email list. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE In that last year, I had completely ignored my Email list. Heck, I didn't even know which Autoresponder to log-in to if I wanted to send an Email myself! That was the day I made a determination. I was going to go back to the basics. I was going to revive my Email list and I was going to pay back my debt like an honorable man. Bankruptcy was not an option. Well, fast-forward 16 months. That same Email list saved my life. I had been able to turn things around. I completely re-vamped my business. In less than 16 months, I was able to, yet again, generate over $1.7 Million in revenue. Email Marketing gave my business a second life. That was also the day I made it my mission to teach Email Marketing to as many people in the World as I possibly could! - - - This leads me to my final major benefit of owning an Email list. #5 - S AFETY , R ELIABILITY & T RUE O WNERSHIP This may be the biggest benefit of having an Email list: The ability to sleep at night. The Email list is yours. You own it. There is no one in the World that can take it away from you. Not Google. Not Facebook. Not any advertising agency. I had to learn this lesson the hard way. - - - H OW I L OST $720,000 A Y EAR IN FREE I NCOME ( and nearly 14 months of hard work) … 10 years ago, I learned the art of promoting affiliate products by simply buying traffic from Google. It was so easy. It was instantly profitable. As a matter of fact, for every $1 in advertising I used at Google, I was making back about $2.50. I was on Cloud 9. It took me 14 months, but with a few hours everyday, I had pieced together a business T HE E MAIL L IFELINE that was promoting 14 different affiliate products. I bought traffic from Google and sent the traffic to my own website. All my website had on it was a review of the affiliate product and an order button that took them to someone else's product. In that 14 months, I had built an automated income of over $60,000 a month. That was NET income. This meant I could be traveling, on vacation or sleeping - it didn't matter. I was printing money. I was on top of the World and felt invincible. That was until one morning… One sunny morning, I lazily woke up at 11 AM and logged into my accounts ( to do my usual checks) . I saw something very wrong. It didn't make any sense. That entire day, my affiliate accounts had made absolutely no money. Zilch. Zero. I was used to seeing at least $1,000 in profit by that time. As I rushed over to Google to see what was happening, I was welcomed with a very curt message that simply said that my account had been shut down. That was it. I was banned from Google. I never knew why. I never had any recourse. There was no one to talk to. It felt like someone had just punched me in the gut. I didn't know what to do. I had literally lost everything. I went from expecting to make an automated $720,000 that year in profit to expecting to make $0. The worst part was that no one ever told me why. Till this day, I have no idea what I did wrong. In those days, I didn't know about Email Marketing. That entire 14 months, I had never built an Email list. That is why that very day, my business shut down. However, had I focused my energies on building an Email list. Even today, 10 years later, I would still be making money from those 14 products. Maybe not $60,000 a month, but definitely not $0. Hard lesson learned. That was the day I became an Email Marketer. - - - I think we can both agree that Email Marketing is the #1 way of building your business, while also insuring it. However, it doesn't end at just "knowing" that. You need to learn how to be an Email Marketer. There are certain tricks to the trade that can make all the difference. Well, that's what this book is about. I'm about to teach you the greatest lessons I've learned in the last 10 years. The only thing you have to do is take action! T HE E MAIL L IFELINE CHAPTER 2: WHAT ARE EMAIL LEADS WORTH TO YOUR BUSINESS? When building an Email list, it's very important to understand numbers. One of the cardinal rules in the Internet Marketing space is that each list you have is worth $1 per month, per lead. This means that if you can build an Email list of 10,000 subscribers, you should be able to easily generate at least $10,000 a month or more! Now, this comes with a catch… First - this number is not written in stone. It goes without saying that each niche, each list and each marketer is different. Your list could prove to be worth $.50 a month to you or it could be $5 a month to you! In my business, the lowest month I ever have is when each Email is worth at least $1. However, certain months when we have Internal promotions ( my own products ), we can also see numbers as high as $10 per Email! Second - you have to manage your list properly. It's imperative you learn how to send Emails. You need to understand how to pick the right programs, how to balance your promotions and also how to write amazing Emails. It's my goal through this book and also through our List Academy program to make you a pro at this! Either way, the foundation of Email Marketing never changes. As long as your list grows and you market to it effectively, your income will grow. Whether each Email is worth $.50 or $1 or even $5. The bigger your quality list, the greater your income! Finally, I just want to add that understanding your numbers is very important. After managing your Email list ( using what you learn through List Academy ) for at least 60 days, you'll start to get a very good feeling about the value of your list. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE - 30 Day Value - How much you earn from an Email in the first 30 days. - 60 Day Value - How much you earn from an Email in the first 60 days. - 90 Day Value - How much you earn from an Email in the first 90 days. Knowing these numbers alone can drive your entire business. You will now have a clear understanding of what investment you can make in attracting new traffic and subscribers. Because after all, making Email Marketing work for you is a combination of managing your list and also growing your list. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE CHAPTER 3: HOW DO YOU BUILD AN EMAIL LIST? I wanted to make a conscious effort to not get into traffic strategies in this book. However, I want to quickly summarize some of the key traffic sources you can use to drastically help you grow your list. Having determined the value of your list, always remember to think in perspective of lifetime value. Whether you choose to treat the lifetime value as the 30 day, 60 day, or even 90 day number will be completely dependent on what your financing abilities are. But, don't make the cardinal mistake that some beginner Email Marketers make - don't assume that you will instantly begin to profit from your list. If you're going to take the wise route of safely investing small capital into traffic, then you want to be prepared to give your investment at least some time to mature. As long as you take on that belief, it is going to be far easier for you to choose which of the following traffic strategies you want to build around. The best part is that this mentality opens you up to the concept of activity. Now. Let's talk traffic. Whenever it comes time to traffic, there is one hard truth. In order to get traffic you need at least one of two things ( or ideally to have both). 1. Time. 2. Money to Invest. The hard truth is that if you have neither, it's going to be virtually impossible for you to attract enough traffic to your website, to even stand a chance at building a list. Let's start by talking about the first one, time. There are many ways to generate traffic to your website for Free, however, they will T HE E MAIL L IFELINE take time. You will need to be prepared to religiously commit at least one to two hours a day to repeating the same tasks. Your traffic will also start very slow, but given your consistency, it will begin to build rapidly. The key is to commit time on a daily basis, over and over, for days and never, ever stop. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE CHAPTER 4: USING FREE TRAFFIC TO BUILD YOUR EMAIL LIST The following are brief introductions to the various Free traffic strategies that you can start deploying. However, remember, with each one - it takes time and nothing happens over time. Whether you use just one of them or all of them, make sure to commit to them for the long-haul. The only thing I can guarantee you is that with time, they deliver. F REE T RAFFIC T IP #1: S EARCH E NGINE O PTIMIZATION The art of getting free traffic from the top search engines ( Google, Yahoo & Bing ) by optimizing your website so that you rank high for given keywords in the natural results. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE Let's use this as an example. You put up a blog ( very easy to do - there are many platforms available that require only a few clicks ). Now, you start to do daily content posts to the blog using certain SEO principles ( targeting your posts to certain long-tail keywords ). In time, as your blog builds authority and content, you're going to start getting traffic to it. The way that turns into Email subscribers for you is that you will place an opt-in box on the right side of your blog. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE As your website begins to get Free traffic ( in time ), you will automatically start seeing your visitors opt-in for your Free gift. The bigger your list gets, the more traffic you can send to your blog. That means you can get more social sharing and comments on your posts - all this will help all the major search engines rank your website higher for your chosen keywords! So, doing SEO will help you get more subscribers. More subscribers will help you get better SEO rankings! It's a win-win! There are many great courses and free blogs on the topic of SEO in case you want to learn more! F REE T RAFFIC T IP #2: P ARTICIPATING I N C OMMUNITIES The second way to get free traffic is by leaving comments on forum or discussion boards. What's a forum or a discussion board? It's a community that exists on the Internet where people centered around the same topic share advice, ask questions and help one another. Almost all of these communities T HE E MAIL L IFELINE allow you to leave a signature under every post. Now, depending on the rules of that community, many will allow you to place a small promotion with a link in your signature. Obviously these links should point to your opt-in page! Now, you're getting visitors to come directly to your opt-in page. This is the page you have built with a very specific goal of only one thing: getting someone to subscribe to your list! - - - M Y F IRST $10,000 & M Y F IRST 5,000 S UBSCRIBERS - A LL F ROM F ORUMS It was a happy mistake. Back in 2002 when I was first starting out with Online Marketing. We didn't have books like this one. We barely had any courses online. It was truly the Wild Wild West. Everyone was on their own trying to figure out their own systems! I was so lost that I remember I used to sit inside this one Forum for at least 12 hours a day. I used to read every thread. I used to ask 10 questions a day. I used to private message as many successful marketers as I could. I was hustling. However, for 18 months, I continued to struggle. I just couldn't make anything work! Then, one day, I suddenly hit a home-run with a particular software. I was gifted a T HE E MAIL L IFELINE software that had just released and I spent an entire week, 24 hours a day, learning how to use it. Low and behold, I became quite the master. I got so good at using the software that I was actually teaching the product owner himself how to use his own tool! Before I knew it, I was on the same forum, answering questions around the clock. I had become the preferred consultant on this software! That was when someone gave me an idea. "Anik, why don't you make a one page website where you offer your consulting services for Free to anyone that buys the software through your affiliate link." The idea was brilliant. There was only one problem. How was I going to find my new "clients?" Where would I get traffic? That day, I noticed a little "signature file" at the bottom of the Forum. I had always left this field blank. But, after some guidance and in the spirit of testing, one night, I edited my signature file. I posted a link directly to an ugly one-page website. I did 2 things. #1 - I offered my consulting for free in exchange for using my affiliate link. #2 - I offered to give everyone free advice on other software if they gave me their Email address. Honestly, I never expected it to work. But, I still gave it a great effort. That night before going to sleep, I made sure to make as many fresh posts as I could. I wanted to get my signature file out there; I wanted to make my offer public. I remember finally stumbling over to my bed at 3 AM. I was nervous and excited at the same time. I was hopeful but also scared. The next morning, I remember waking up and lunging towards my computer. I wanted to see if it had worked. I'll never forget the feeling I had when I saw, for the first time ever, $300 sitting inside my account. I had made more money that night, while I slept, than I had made in the past 18 months online - combined. I was on cloud nine. After that, for the next 60 days, I continued to use the strategy - religiously. Within 60 T HE E MAIL L IFELINE days, I had made my first $10,000 in profit and also built my first 5,000 subscriber list (although I'll admit, I never did anything with that Email list. I just didn't know the power of Email Marketing back then). That $10,000 was my beginning. I never looked back after that! - - - Getting involved in communities can be one of the easiest ways to start getting traffic to your opt-in page from day #1. Here are a few rules to make sure you abide by. #1 - Try to do at least 10 posts a day that are a reply ( always excellent content and nothing less ) #2 - Create at least 1 thread of your time ( these will get your signature file the most exposure ). #3 - Provide value and be a good member of the community ( spam and you will banned within minutes and destroy your brand before you even start ). #4 - Every 10 Days - Change the signature promotion ( keep the link the same, but at least change the promotional message in your signature). Believe it or not, it's really just that simple! F REE T RAFFIC T IP #3: B LOG C OMMENTS In every niche and industry, there are leaders who have "authority blogs." This means they post regular content and updates. The key players and participants of the niche follow their blogs closely. Bottom line, they typically have very high traffic. Now, there is a way for you to be able to capitalize on their traffic while building up your own brand and subscriber base! Step #1: Find the prominent blogs. This is easy. Just turn to google.com, type in some of the best keywords for your niche and follow it with the word "blog." Google will automatically give you a list of some of the most popular blogs. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE Step #2: Track the blog closely. You want to know every time a new blog post is made. I even recommend joining their RSS feed and Email newsletter so you're always one of the first to know. Step #3: Every time a new post is made, try to be one of the first to leave a comment reply. When leaving a comment, most blogs allow you to place a URL in. Make sure this URL is your opt-in page. Write an enticing reply that will draw in many eyes and wa-la. You're going to start getting free traffic for the life of that blog post! T HE E MAIL L IFELINE The higher up your reply/comment is, the more eyes that will see it, hence the more clicks you'll get to your website! Remember, you won't make millions in 24 hours doing this. It will take persistent effort and you will need to make sure that you are active on that blog. I don't recommend taking on more than 2 or 3 blogs (anything more than that becomes a time-drain and very hard to manage). Please abide by a big rule: do not ever spam the blog just for the purpose of getting your link in there. If you want to use this strategy, you need to be prepared to leave legitimate and well-thought out comments. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE Free Traffic. Simple. Effective. Valuable. F REE T RAFFIC T IP #4: A RTICLE S YNDICATION Article syndication is when you write content (a 500+ word article) and post it on directories that give the World rights to syndicate your content. The only rule is that whoever copies and pastes your content on their website, must do so with your signature file at the bottom. You get solo credit for the article and your website promotion and link has to always stay intact with the article (just as you write it). The truth is that even if your article never gets syndicated, most of these article directories carry great authority with the top search engines. This means that just by even posting your content to their directory, you're likely to start getting traffic! Article syndication is a strategy that was very popular about 10 years ago. The effectiveness of this strategy has fallen off a little bit since, however, it's still a good part of the entire strategy. Also, in time, there are far more article syndication sites out there now, you want to make sure that you focus your energies on only the top 3-5. Anything beyond that is really a waste of time (unless you have a virtual assistant do it for you, then it can't hurt). This strategy not only helps you get free traffic, but it also helps build your brand. Your name gets more viral and you are seen as an expert simply because you are writing articles and content in your niche. If you commit to this strategy for the long-haul, the accrued benefits can be huge. However, like with every other free traffic strategy, it does require time and full commitment. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE CHAPTER 5: USING INVESTMENT TRAFFIC TO BUILD YOUR EMAIL LIST It's time we speak about my favorite traffic. These are traffic strategies that are virtually instant, incredibly targeted and even more effective. The only caveat is that they do require a monetary investment to start. This is not a bad thing though. Once you learn how to do them properly, the investment you make can seriously be recovered very quickly. The key is to learn their ins and outs first. Additionally, almost all strategies can be started with a minimal budget, in many cases even as little as $100. Do these strategies the right way and there is virtually no risk to you. Only benefit. Here are a few great ways to start building your list almost instantly. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE I NVESTMENT T RAFFIC T IP #1: E MAIL M EDIA Here is my personal favorite in case you are just starting to build your list or your list is still below 10,000 subscribers. There is no more effective and faster way to build your Email list than by using Email Media. Email Media is a simple advertising concept. There are already hundreds of Email lists in your niche, some have been around for years and some even for months. Not all, but many of these Email lists sell advertising. They allow you to insert your message and link into their Email. Many times, they even send a "solo ad" to the entire list. That means you can type out the entire Email and they will copy and paste that Email to their entire database. Think about this. There is no better way to get targeted traffic. - - - H OW E MAIL M EDIA W ORKS : Assume that there is an Email list already with 100,000 subscribers in your niche. Perhaps this list is capable of easily generating 2,000 clicks. Most sellers will charge you per click. Assume their advertised rate is $.70 per click. That means that for $1,400 investment, you can get 2,000 high-targeted clicks. Assuming that your Opt-in page even gets a 50% opt-in rate, you will end up building 1,000 leads into your database almost instantly. All this for a small investment of $1400. Now, especially if you follow our Email Marketing model, you are likely to recover that $1,400 even within the first 30 days ( or worst case within 60 days ). These deals can be put together between yourself and an advertiser almost instantly. If you want to explore more or just gather more data, go over to: and sign up for a Free account. You can learn more. You can safely begin investing ( Clickonomy protects your funds and protects against fraud ). It's by far considered the #1 marketplace for investing in Email media! - - - T HE E MAIL L IFELINE In order for someone to even see your ad, they have to be active in their Email account and they have to prove that they read Emails related to the topic that you are mailing. #1 - They have to read the subject line and OPEN the Email. #2 - They have to read the Email and be excited enough to click the link ( hence, they are self-qualifying themselves ). #3 - They land on your opt-in page and have to be intrigued by the message enough to want your Free gift ( yet again, they qualify themselves ). #4 - They are now on your Email list. This particular individual has already proven that they are active in their Email and that they are specifically interested in the topic that your newsletter is about. There seriously is no better way to get qualified subscribers. The best part, it's super fast to get started. Assuming you have the investment capital, you can actually build a 10,000 list in a matter for 48 hours ( or even less ). Although I never suggest investing that kind of capital that fast. Always test and scale slow! Alright, now let's talk more about Email Media and how it works... For more information, I want to encourage you to register a Free Account at . I NVESTMENT T RAFFIC T IP #6: G OOGLE P AY P ER C LICK Possibly the #1 source of traffic in the World, Google. Google can drive clicks from virtually any website you want (through their adsense program) or even directly from their search fields that happen on Google.com. It is far above the scope of this book to get into running a Google ad. All I can tell you is that there is virtually unlimited traffic through Google's network. You have the utmost control on quality and scaling. However, there is a catch. Google can be very picky and difficult to get accepted into their network. That is not a detrimental problem, all it requires is that you learn their various rules and abide by them. Also, you will need to spend some time investing in education. When you properly learn how to utilize the Google network - there is seriously nothing that stands between you and becoming a millionaire. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE Just keep this on your map in the beginning. If you're just starting out and your income is not above $10,000 a month yet, I recommend waiting to use the Google network. However, if you want to learn more, please go over to: or - this is by far the best training you will ever get for "Investment Traffic." I NVESTMENT T RAFFIC T IP #7: F ACEBOOK A DVERTISING Now, this is a source of traffic that I personally love. It's a happy medium between Email Media and Google ( when it comes to level of difficulty in engaging). Facebook has fast become the 2 nd largest website in the World to buy traffic from. There are literally hundreds of millions of people around the World that use Facebook every day. Even better, Facebook's advertising system allows you unlimited targeting options so that you can really assure you are getting the best clicks possible. Facebook has far less options than Google. They are easier to engage, easier to work with and just as fast to start. Even with Facebook, $100 is a reasonable budget to start with ( just to start testing and learning). In certain niches, with certain targeting, you can even get clicks for as little as $.10 a click ( or in specific situations, even less). I highly recommend looking into Facebook, but still suggest that you educate yourself on how to best use their platform. For more information, go to or and get started with the World's #1 course on investment traffic! S UMMARIZING I NVESTMENT T RAFFIC Investment traffic can be a little frightening for someone just starting out simply because there is monetary investment required. However, most make the mistake of thinking that this has to be thousands of dollars right from the beginning - this is simply not true. Almost any investment traffic strategy can now start with as little as $100. However, there are two rules you can never forget when thinking about getting involved with investment traffic: Rule #1 - Learn first. You should never dive blindly into investment traffic. I suggest taking a good course and educating yourself. Learn the various options, targeting and rules for each advertising platform before you even consider investing $100. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE Rule #2 - Email Marketing Formula . If you do not follow the model that I teach for Email Marketing, then it will drastically decrease the results you get. Following the model means that you can recover a large part ( if not all ) of your investment almost instantly ( as soon as the subscriber joins ). But even better yet, following the model will damn near guarantee that you make your money back and are in profit in a very short time ( assuming you are attracting the right kind of traffic ). Luckily, you're already about to master the art of Email Marketing! T HE E MAIL L IFELINE CHAPTER 6: KEY EMAIL MARKETING LINGO Alright, I'm sure you can sense the build-up. We're about to dive head-first into the Email Marketing model. I'm going to give away my top secrets that help me generate between $500,000 to $1 Million a MONTH from my Email lists. But, before I can start teaching you this model, there are certain terms and lingo you may see me use many times. I want to cover the list first and make sure you completely understand what they are. Then, we're going to be 100% set to dive in and master Email Marketing! - - - - Subscriber - The individual who requests to join your mailing list. - EPC - Earnings Per Click. A calculation of clicks vs. profit. If you send 1,000 clicks and generate $1,000 in revenue - you are said to have a $1 EPC. - Deliverability - The ability of an Email message to reach the intended recipient's inbox. This is affected by spam filters, client-side filters, junk folders and the reputation of the Autoresponder you are using ( I use and am very happy). - Landing Page / Opt-in Page - The web page that you promote and send traffic to. The purpose of this page is to offer a free gift and get a visitor to opt-in. - Clicks - The number of times a link is clicked in an Email you send out. - Open Rate - The percentage of subscribers (of the total number of Emails sent) that open your Email in their inbox. Must use HTML Email to gather this data. - Click Rate - The percentage of subscribers ( who opened your Email) who then also T HE E MAIL L IFELINE click on a link in your Email. - Autoresponder Company - The company you chose to host your Email list and then subsequently use to send out your Emails. ( com ) - - - There are many other terms as well. However, for now, knowing the above is more than enough to see a drastic increase in your income! T HE E MAIL L IFELINE

### PART 1:

### THE EMAIL MARKETING BUSINESS

One of the greatest mistakes I see my students make consistently is in their actual Emails. Before we can even discuss promotional strategy and how to actually manage your Email list, let's start by going over some foundational basics. First and foremost, you need to understand your role as an Email marketer. When promoting a product (whether it's your own or an affiliate product), the actual Email serves a very specific purpose. Nothing more. Nothing less. Even just an understanding of this role can make a vital change in your business. So, let's dive in. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE CHAPTER 7: THE 3 JOB FUNCTIONS OF AN EMAIL MARKETER As an Email marketer, it's pretty easy to be led astray in your Emails. Firstly, if you're promoting an affiliate product, the product sellers love to give you swipe files. They ask you to take the Emails they have written, copy and paste, and send out. First rule: NEVER, ever do that. Period. These Emails are rarely tested. These Emails do not take into account your specific voice, your relationship with your list, or even the hot triggers that work specifically with your list. More so, Email marketers can get lost in all the various data points. Is your job to send traffic? Is your job to "pre-sell" that traffic? Is your job to give content to your list and never promote? What exactly is your role? What makes an Email List tick - fulfilling your T HE E MAIL L IFELINE business goals and the goals of your subscriber? There are just 3 main job functions of an Email marketer. Stick to these 3, and only these 3, and you'll drive incredibly impressive results. In fact, if you only follow these 3 rules for Email marketing and never do anything more, your conversions, results (and your profits) are going to go through the roof. I mean it. These 3 rules are what will lead to that 300% increase in your monthly income that you're looking for. Problem is, most Email marketers don't actually understand what they're supposed to do. They either try to do too much or they do too little. Even more, many focus on the wrong things that don't move the needle even an inch (or worst, they hurt the entire process and destroy your Email list). Think about what happens when you visit a mechanic? They are 100% clear on their job. It's to make your car run. No more, no less. They don't try to fix your watch or over- deliver by giving you a medical check-up. What about when you go to a cardiologist? In the interest of over-delivering, does the cardiologist also offer to check your feet, your headaches, or painful molar tooth? Of course not! Their primary job function is to focus on your heart and that is all they will ever do. Just the same, as an Email Marketer, you have only one primary focus. This focus can be fulfilled as long as you keep your eye on the following 3 job functions assigned to you. Let's get that 300% raise. J OB F UNCTION #1 -- C REATE E XCITEMENT Yes, your first responsibility as an Email marketer is to create excitement. Remember, you're not just sending an Email. You're sending solutions, ideas, value. You're delivering compelling stories, and intriguing insights. Your prospect opted into your Email list, they essentially raised their hand and said, " I want to learn from you. I want you to help me solve this problem in my life!" So, don't disappoint. Give them exactly what they asked for and do it with excitement! Now, creating excitement is something that can be done very quickly. It can even be done with just one sentence. How do you create excitement? Simple. You amplify the benefit of what you're promoting. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE Here's an example of a boring, uninspired sentence that many Email Marketers would write ( I see this many times ): "Lose Weight Fast." You've heard it before. It's lifeless and boring. It doesn't connect with your audience's emotions at all. It doesn't inspire their imagination. It doesn't carry a single visual with it. So, what's the outcome? Your subscriber skims over your Email or doesn't even bother to open the Email. Send out enough Emails like this and eventually you're forgotten completely by this subscriber. They either unsubscribe, or even worse, they just go blind to your Emails. They decrease your open-rate stats. They decrease your click through stats. They give you the false belief that an Email Marketing model is not profitable. But try the same message, now, with excitement: "REVEALED: The 7 Fastest Ways To Lose 10 Pounds in 10 Days." Or… "NEWS: 7 Foods Found - Lose Weight in 10 Days." Now, we're talking! These examples are intriguing. Even mysterious. They inspire imagery and create a desire to learn more. Instantly, your subscriber is too curious to not read the entire Email and click the link. Once you get them excited enough to click the link, you've already won 90% of the battle! Here's an Email marketing secret: Most Emails are not exciting. They are dull, lifeless, regurgitated words. The words are far from compelling, intriguing or inspiring. Pretty much, most Emails sound alike. So when you inject some personality and excitement into your Emails, your subscribers immediately sit up and take notice. Do this on a regular basis and your subscribers will actually begin to look forward to your Emails. It's absolutely true. When you consistently create excitement in your Emails, people open them, read them all the way through, and then take action on them. It's your fastest path to business growth. Your first job function should always be to create excitement. J OB F UNCTION #2 -- E DIFY AND C REATE E XPECTATION Now your responsibility is to build credibility in the sales page and to create the T HE E MAIL L IFELINE appropriate expectation of what the reader will get once they click that link. Are they going to be opting in to get a free report? Are they going to be reading a letter or watching a video? Many Email Marketers completely skip this critical job function. As a result, even if they get clicks to a sales page, their conversions are ridiculously low. An extreme example of skipping this job function would be to write in your Email, "Hey, want to lose weight? Great, go here…!" Sadly, you may even still get some clicks. But, how many of those clicks are going to go on to buy? How many of those visitors will have even an edge of a clue as to why they are clicking that link? ZERO. I doubt even one. Now, I may have given you an extreme example, but the truth is that most Emails (no matter how long) are about the same. They either go too far in trying to edify and they end up trying to sell the product ( which kills the number of click they can send ) or even worse, they don't create an expectation and they send "dead traffic" to the sales page. Throughout your Email, it's very important that you build the importance of the sales page you are sending them to. Is it credible? Why do you trust it? Have you watched the video you are sending them to? What did you think of the video? Remember, your subscribers trust you. They want to know if you've at least done the step that you're asking them to do. If so, tell them why it was important to you - that's how you edify the landing page. Next, you need to educate your subscriber on what to expect when they click. What are they going to see on the other side? Are they going to be getting a free gift or watching an educational video (which happens to lead to a sales pitch)? That is your job as an Email Marketer (and even more so as an affiliate). When someone says, "you should pre-sell" - this is truly what they mean (we'll talk about the pre-sell concept in a few minutes). Let's assume the video that you are sending them to, delivers 7 ways to drop 10 pounds in 10 days. Your Email must be absolutely clear that they are going to watch a video, but still, the most important thing - why should they finish watching the videos? What's in it for them? Did you do it? T HE E MAIL L IFELINE What were your personal feelings afterwards? This is why a statement like: "Hey, click here for this awesome video" isn't enough. Few would click to watch. Even the ones who click will have no level of commitment or accountability to the process! How do you remedy that? Something like... - - - S UBJECT : REVEALED: S ECRET F OODS T HAT D ROP P OUNDS Hey! I feel I've been lied to for at least 10 years. About a week ago, I was introduced to a new friend, Dr. Kelsten. A very trusted friend of mine sent me a link to a shocking video. This video clearly shows 7 foods that can help you instantly drop 10 pounds in 10 days. But, here's the catch. These same foods are currently thought to actually have you gain weight. This is the big lie. I've been avoiding these foods for the last 10 years. Not anymore! I really recommend you watch the entire video. Take action. Clear up the lies! => Free Video: The Controversial 7 Foods That Help You Lose 10 Pounds Don't miss out. Who knows when Dr. Kelsten takes it down. Apparently, he's become quite the star lately - traveling the World doing TV shows! Sincerely, Anik Singal - - - Now, of course, I made that Email up. I wanted to simply give you an example of an Email that creates excitement, edifies and even creates great expectation. The person clicking that link is not only excited, they are curious and they are committed. I even added more validation by showing my own personal experience with the video. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE Hey, if I tell them that I've done it, there is no better recommendation than a personal one! Here's another huge secret about Email marketing: Story method. Let's face it. Everyone loves stories. For thousands of years, humans have gravitated towards stories. Today, it's one of the main drivers that takes a luke-warm Email Marketing business and lights it on fire. Get personal with your Email list! The story method works when you tell a simple story about how you relate to the topic or the video that you're sending to them. That way, they don't see it as just slick marketing to promote products. Rather, they see it as a recommendation from a friend. How ironic. If you embrace the story method, your promotional Emails can now become Emails that actually help you build a deeper relationship with your Email list! Here, let me give you an example. Imagine your friend calling you and saying, "Hey, I just bought a car. I love it. I know you're shopping for a car. Why don't you go check it out?" Would you go? Probably. Why? Because it's a genuine recommendation from someone you trust, right? On the flipside, if a stranger called and said, "Hey, this was a cool car. Go take a look." Your first thought would be: "What's in it for him?" You have no trust or relationship with that person. You don't even know if the person making the recommendation has ever even driven the car they are recommending. The result is that you're far less likely to take action. With every Email you write, build trust, build faith and build an expectation to take the action you want them to take. Simple. In Part #3 of this book, we'll go deep into how to properly use the story method. Don't worry, you're going to be a master of it by the time I am done. By the way, I'm going to be running a LIVE training soon at where I dive deep into the story method as well, please make sure you're there! Make sure you adhere to job function #2 when creating your Email. As we discuss the different kinds of promotions and products, you will learn when your focus should be heavier on job function #2 versus job function #1. But, no matter what promotion you're doing, every Email should always fulfill all 3 roles. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE J OB F UNCTION #3 -- G ENERATE C LICKS Quick, what's the main purpose of your Email marketing? To generate an action. And in most cases, that simply means to click a link. You can write the most incredible Email that provides value, intrigue, and excitement. But, if the prospect doesn't click, there is no chance of you generating a lick of revenue. So, this leads us to the basic third responsibility of an Email Marketer, pure and simple. Generate clicks. Sounds simple enough, right? But, as Email Marketers, we tend to forget that. You know, I'm subscribed to so many Email lists. I love watching what other marketers and especially my students are doing. One thing that I see again and again that shocks me is the length of the Emails that even the most professional Email Marketers send out. Honestly, their Emails may as well be a PhD dissertation as far as I'm concerned. There are so many places to lose your subscriber in the Email and the link is buried so deep, it really makes me think - how can you possibly turn that Email into favorable business? Some of these Emails will contain absolutely everything. - Story about the author or product seller. - Bullet points of the product that is being sold. - The sales hook message delivered on the sales page - The 18 reasons to buy the product. - …even the price of the product! Why? Listen, as an Email Marketer, your job is NOT to sell the actual product. If you do all that in the Email, then what is the point of the sales page? Your job is simple. Your job is to PRE-sell. Your Email is to just create excitement, edify, set the expectation and generate tons of clicks to the sales page. Let the sales page do ITS job, which is to sell the product. I was always intrigued by something I consistently see in the digital marketing World. Then, one day, I figured it out - it was as if a light bulb just went on. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE So, let's say there is a product launching and I am an affiliate of that product. Regularly I see product sellers make outrageous claims such as: "Our product is currently converting at an $8 EPC!" Then, I would look at my own EPC of $3 and wonder " what the heck am I doing wrong? Who is getting $8 EPCs?" Well, just look at the swipes they are asking their affiliates to mail out and you'll have your answer. The Emails go on and on, they literally sell the product. There is no such thing as pre-selling in those Emails. So, of course, if a prospect reads that entire Email and still clicks the link, the chances of them buying goes through the roof, along with your Emails. However, what about the fact that the affiliate just sent 20% of the clicks that they could have sent. The numbers do not work out in the favor of neither the affiliate nor the product seller. The only thing that looks good is a statistic that at the end of the day, means nothing! Well, not anymore. Not once you go through this book and especially if you decide to go through the List Academy program. You're going to turn your focus on just saying enough to properly pre-sell and get that click over to the sales page and let that page do it's job! Now that you know the 3 job responsibilities of an Email Marketer, it's time to unveil what it really means to "pre-sell" your subscribers. It's a simple, clear and very easy concept! T HE E MAIL L IFELINE CHAPTER 8: HOW DO YOU PRESELL How crazy would it be to walk into an Emergency Room and the receptionist threw you on her desk and started to operate on you? Crazy, right? That's because we know that the surgeon's job and the receptionist's job are totally different. Likewise, the job of pre-selling and selling are also very different. Yet, Email Marketers get the two mixed up all the time. Let me be clear. Your main job as an Email marketer is to pre-sell. It sounds simple. But it's probably one of the most misunderstood terms in all of Email Marketing. Why? Because it's not black and white. Also, because every person who does Email Marketing reads it differently. Here's how I define it. To pre-sell is simply to get someone prepared for a message. That's all. It's simply a handoff -- from the Email to the main sales page. A warm-up, if you will. Yet a long line of Email Marketers, especially those who are affiliates of products, have misunderstood it to mean: "To Sell". Nothing could be farther from the truth. It's this wrong understanding that leads to these ridiculously long Emails I was talking about before. Talking about the product, convincing the prospect to buy, overwhelming them with the bullet point list about the offer - it's all completely unnecessary. So, what's the easiest way to pre-sell? Well, actually, you already know what it is! The 3 job functions we just went over, if you just cross each one off the list on every Email, without even knowing it, you will have properly "pre-sold" the subscriber to being open to the sales message. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE Yes, it takes a little practice. But it's pretty simple. In your Emails, you're simply getting your prospect excited about your topic. You're providing a story that's believable and genuine. You're giving them a reason to accept the material that's on the sales page with an open mind. That's it. In every Email you write from now on, simply focus on the PRE in "Pre-sell". You'll be surprised at the qualified number of clicks you get. But. Most importantly, you'll be amazed by the boost in profit you achieve. Alright, let's keep pushing forward. It's now time to actually write that winning Email. Believe it or not, there are really only two things to focus on when you're writing a killer Email. Only two parts. Tackle those, and you're on your way to becoming an Email Marketing legend! T HE E MAIL L IFELINE CHAPTER 9: THE TWO MAIN PARTS OF AN EMAIL You just learned your main goal as an Email Marketer. To get clicks. Well, there are two key parts of the Email that eventually determine how many clicks you can generate. #1 - The Subject Line #2 - The Email Content. S UBJECT L INES -- 70% OF Y OUR R ESULTS If your college professor told you that Question #1 on your final exam was worth 70% of your score on the exam, which question would you focus most of your time on? Silly question, right? Well, in Email Marketing, the subject line is 70% of the battle. In other words, a lousy subject line can cripple your Email right from the start. Why? Because I don't care if you gold is being given away in that Email. If someone does not open it, they have absolutely 0% chance of seeing the actual Email! This is why your subject line is 70% of the entire battle. Most students I have worked directly with will agenize for even hours over the Email. I have seen them write and re-write the Email. Then, suddenly, as they are approaching the deadline to send out the Email, they will log-in to the autorespodner and type out any ol' subject line they can think of. Hit send. Later on, they'll wonder what happened. They think " but I worked so hard on that Email, how did it do so badly?" Simple. I just ask them to look at their open rates and tell me what T HE E MAIL L IFELINE percentage of their list actually opened their Email? See, I believe in the exact opposite. I'll spend as much time, if not more on the subject line, as I do on the actual Email. Even if that subject line really is just a few characters compared to the Email. In the end, your subject line is what determines if someone even opens your Email to begin with. It's like the old adage, if a tree falls in a forest and there's no one around to hear it, does it make a sound? If you send out the best Email in the World, but practically nobody opens it to read it, is it really a good Email? Subject lines. 70% of the battle! Just sit for a moment and think about how many Emails clog your inbox every single day. I know, for me, I get over 300 Emails a day! A day! Heck, even the average consumers is getting more Emails than they know what to do with… Work, companies marketing to them, friends, family, social updates, annoying forwards and of course, our good friend, spam. Competition is greater than ever before and it's only increasing by the day. Therefore, you have to cut through all that clutter. To make sure your Email is even seen. Then to make sure it gets read. T HAT ' S THE JOB OF THE SUBJECT LINE ! Here is the most common misconception. Many marketers think that the job of the subject line is to provide a benefit. Well, that is just not enough. Actually, before we can even talk about how you write a powerful subject line, there is an entirely different topic we better hit first. See, your subject line plays an entirely additional role that you may not even be aware of. Think about it, who sees your Email before even your subscriber? Well, Gmail or Yahoo mail or the many thousands and thousands of incoming mail servers. Yes, they will read your Email first before they decide if they want to let your Email even get through. When they read your Email, guess what the first thing is that they read? You got it. Your subject line. So, actually the first primary function of your subject line is to make sure it does not get T HE E MAIL L IFELINE in the way of getting your Email delivered. After all, if your Emails fall into the spam folder because of your subject line, what's the point? Again, you could have the greatest Email and best offer, but nobody will ever see it. What you put in your subject line can make all the difference between Google and Yahoo even agreeing to put your Email into their clients' inboxes. Add the wrong words or punctuation, and you'll be blocked by the spam filters ( possibly forever) ! Avoid words like "money," "income," and "profit." Likewise, here are some rules to always keep in mind (courtesy of the CEO of SendLane, Jimmy Kim): 1. No more than 3 punctuations in your subject line. 2. Never start the subject line with a number or a punctuation. 3. Avoid the word "Guaranteed" at all costs. 4. Limit capitalizing all the letters of any word. 5. Completely avoid using the "$" symbol in your subject line. 6. Never combine the two words "make" and "money" together. Believe it or not, if you can just follow these simple rules alone, your Email delivery is going to go through the roof and that by default will increase your clicks and revenue! Once you've ensured your subject line's deliverability, focus on making your subject line stand out - something that actually makes your subscriber want to stop what they are doing and open the Email. Make your subject line intriguing, compelling, creative, and original. So, what are the two rules that can create the best subject line? 1. Deliver a superb benefit -- The subject line directly speaks to what the benefit of opening the Email is. Examples: REVEALED: 7 Foods That Shed 10 Pounds Dog Misbehaving? 1 Tip To Create Transformation Email Marketing - 7 Ways To Build an Email List Tired of Overwhelm? The Latest Breakthrough. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE 2. Create mysterious intrigue -- Write a subject line that's "catchy but confusing." It can evoke a curiosity in the reader's mind. The prospect will most likely be compelled to open the Email. Examples: WOW The ugliest website in the WORLD. Hey - Anik here. I'm so embarrassed. Before I get off the topic of subject lines, I'm going to leave with some secret ammunition. - - - T HE P OWER OF N EGATIVE S UBJECT L INES There's a rule of thumb in Email Marketing and that is to always write positive headlines. I couldn't disagree more! Some of my negative subject lines have been my BEST ones! Of course, they shouldn't be overused or abused. Also, be careful to never send anything offensive. It can back-fire faster than you can imagine! Here are a few examples: "The worst website in the World" "The ugliest site I've ever seen" "This made me so mad" "I lost my temper" "This is the most unfair website in the World" You get the point. Anything that implies a negative emotion, creates, well, scandal. It's different. Fun. Interesting and intriguing. Of course, with any good technique, you want to pick and choose when you use it. Don't do it all the time, because it could get redundant. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE - - - So, that's 70% of the battle. Subject lines. If you do nothing else but learn to keep more focus on your subject line before hitting the send button, your income is about to take a big jump up! Now, let's move to the second most important part - the content of the Email. T HE C ONTENT OF E MAIL Yes, the subject line is 70% of the battle. But once you WIN that battle, all of your focus should be to get your reader to take action. Say it with me… "To CLICK!" That brings us to the next most important part of the Email. The content. This is what will determine if they'll actually click your Email or do nothing at all. Now, I have a surprise for you. I genuinely don't have much more to tell you about writing great Emails. We have already discussed and dove deep into the 3 responsibilities you have: to create excitement, to edify, and create expectation and to get the click. Just as we discussed in the pre-sell, you must stick to the main point when creating your Emails. Your Email's job is to get the click, that's it, nothing more. Don't write Emails that are ridiculously long. Use stories to engage your readers and make them feel as if they are inside your life and you are one of their friends. Inside the List Academy program, I am giving away some of my best Emails that I have ever sent. I'm giving away templates you can literally copy and grow from. But, for now, I want to give you a few rules to live by. When you write your Emails, these rules will make sure you have the highest click through rates and also make sure that you stay 100% out of the spam traps. Here they are! 1. Always send an HTML Email (not only plain text) 2. Pay attention to the way an Email LOOKS. Use your bold, italics, and other visual break-ups. 3. Place the link a minimum of twice in the Email. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE 4. Never write big paragraphs that are hard on the eyes. 5. Stick to basic templates, fancy designs lead to a drop in results! 6. Avoid the word "Guaranteed" at all costs. 7. Don't over use crazy characters such as ** or === 8. Never combine the two words "make" and "money" together. It's pretty simple, right? We have now officially been through the foundation of what you need to know as an Email Marketer. It's time to really dive in and start learning how to actually manage your list. How to choose the best products to promote and how to balance your promotions. This is where the big pay-days are made. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE

### PART 2:

### THE EMAIL MARKETING BUSINESS

Now, let's dive in and start talking about how you plan your Email Promotions. We have already discussed the importance of writing a great Email and also what your three main responsibilities are as an Email marketer. The next major focus is actually making money from the Emails you write! In order to do this, a major contributing factor will be the products you choose to promote to begin with. You have to choose the right product. You have to balance your promotions appropriately and you need to make sure you are always capitalizing on the existing buzz in the market. There are easy ways to do this and hard ways. Let's dive into the easy ways. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE CHAPTER 10: WHAT PRODUCTS SHOULD YOU PROMOTE As you can tell from the main image behind "The Email Lifeline," one of the key metrics in how well you do is the appropriate balance of promotions. There are various kinds of products in any niche and choosing the appropriate ones, given your list, your Email cycle, and the current market buzz is going to be instrumental in your success. There are two major factors that are used to determine whether you are promoting the right product or not. #1 - I S IT A GOOD PRODUCT ? Do you believe in the quality and credibility of the product? If you're ever going to keep your credibility with your subscribers, you better make sure you never promote anything less than a Level 10 quality! It's your responsibility to make sure the product lives up to it's claim because your subscribers buy on your word, on your trust. If you end up endorsing a couple products ( or even one) that they find to be a waste of time and money, they will hold you accountable. You lose your relationship. You lose the subscriber and your Email Marketing begins to lose all value. This is the #1 reason that many Email Marketers see the effectiveness of their Email list fall over time - it's a clear indication that they are not serving their Email list well! #2 - D OES THE PRODUCT CONVERT ? Sometimes we forget to take an extra minute to really analyze the sales funnel of a product we are about to promote. However, that is a big mistake. You need to take a minute to see if there is existing data or credibility of a product. What's the buzz? What are the results that others are having? Is the person behind the product a proven converter? T HE E MAIL L IFELINE At the end of the day, you are an Email Marketer because you want to generate profits. After all, you are in business. Revenue and profit is the name of the game and without the both of them, your business will absolutely fail ( no matter what quality your promotions are - the end product must convert for you to make money ). It's important you believe and understand one thing: It's not bad to make money. It's not bad to "sell." It's certainly not selfish when you only promote products that convert well and also make you money. One of the common problems beginner Email Marketers have is that they get an emotional attachment with their new Email lists and actually feel guilty promoting products. Remember, your subscribers WANT to buy products. They are eager to learn more in your niche and they look to you for advice and guidance. You're only serving their interests when you offer them high quality products. Now don't take that to the other extreme. Don't start promoting any product under the sun just so you can make money. There are many products that may be amazing at conversions but the actual product is not worthy - steer clear of those, no matter how much money you can make. The short-term profit gain cannot even come close to the damage you will do to your brand. Assuming you are confident in the quality of a product, how do you really know if it converts well? #1 - Ask a friend who has promoted the product. The longer you are in a niche, the more Email Marketers you will get to know. Build yourself a small mastermind and share data with one another. #2 - Ask the seller for data. If they have no data to give you, it is a bad sign. #3 - Test the campaign. When your list is big enough (over 10,000), you can actually segment out maybe 2,000 leads and send a small test. Get a feel for how your list is responding to the promotion before you unleash the beast. #4 - Look at history. Sometimes a seller may have a new product releasing and that means that no one has statistics on how well that product converts. Well, has the seller released a product in the past? If so, how did they do? Past history can many times be a good predictor for their future projects! T HE E MAIL L IFELINE These four rules alone have served me incredibly well in choosing great products to promote. However, there is one more major tip I can give you to drastically increase your conversions and basically have an insurance policy. This tip alone can take out almost 90% of the risk of choosing a product to promote. T HE #1 W AY T O C HOOSE G REAT P RODUCTS T O P ROMOTE P RODUCT L AUNCHES . A product launch is when someone launches a digital product on the Internet. For a moment, let's divert from the topic and talk about movies. You see, a movie might be getting filmed for three, four or even five years. During the filming of this film, you ( as a consumer) don't hear a thing about it. That is until just a few months before the movie launches. Suddenly, you see a powerful trailer at the movie theatre. Then, a couple of months before, you start seeing the staring cast during rounds at all the major TV shows and Radio shows. Weeks before, you're flooded with advertisements. It doesn't matter where you turn, you are surrounded by the movie. Suddenly, Friday 7:00 P.M., you find yourself sitting in the theater for the first showing of the movie. What? How did that happen? What just happened was what we call a "product launch" in the marketing World; a perfectly orchestrated marketing plan where you were drowned in the buzz of the film. The closer the film got to release, the more you heard about it. It was on top of your mind. Even if you wanted to escape it, you wouldn't have been able to. Before you knew it, you were excited enough to even stand in line, all so you can be one of the first to watch the movie! Product launches are happening all around us. The biggest companies in the World do product launches. Sony, GM, GE, Google, Facebook, you name it. Well, one day, years back, a brilliant marketer took their recipe and brought it into the Internet Marketing World and changed digital information marketing forever. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE There are two major things that product launches brought to the World of digital information marketing. #1 - Uniting a large number of affiliates and marketers in a niche to talk about one topic, one product for a defined period of time. This truly helps generate ridiculous buzz. That buzz alone can transform your conversions! The reason the buzz gets generated is because chances are that a large portion of your subscribers, are also on other Email lists. During this given period of time, these subscribers get inundated with promotions. They see Email ads, they see Facebook ads, they see ads on Google. There are Webinars happening and it almost feels like the Industry has been taken over by that topic ( just like movie launches do ). There is so much buzz going on in the Industry that your subscriber could not avoid the topic even if they wanted to. Eventually, many fall into the funnel ( if for no other reason than their curiosity). Once they are in the grasp of the buzz, the battle is just to make sure they buy using your affiliate link ( that's where the tips of this book come into play ). T HE E MAIL L IFELINE #2 - By nature, product launches have an in-built period ( called pre-launch) of about one week where free information is given out. This is key to your marketing efforts as an affiliate. The period of free information is what really contributes to the buzz generation. This free content period also allows you to warm your list up to the product. Both, buzz and the free pre-launch period play an instrumental role in increasing your conversions! What they decided was that when you're releasing a new product that's an information digital product or a software product that you can actually pick a period of time, a week or two weeks, and build bonds and really get the industry behind it and be the one thing that everybody is talking about and release that product. So, I can hear what you're thinking… " Should I only promote product launches?" Absolutely not! There are excellent evergreen products in the market ( products that are selling day in and out and have already been launched a while ago). Not only are these products great quality but many of them also convert very well. You should never base all your promotions only around launches. In Part 3 of this book, I'll show you an excellent way to take evergreen products and actually create your own product launch out of it. This one tip alone has led me to earn well over 300% more from a promotion. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE CHAPTER 11: HOW TO FIND PRODUCTS TO PROMOTE Let's go through some quick training on how to find great affiliate programs to promote to your list. Remember, this section is targeted only to those who either mostly focus on affiliate promotions for revenue or do a combination of their own products and affiliate products ( which is what I do). Even if you wanted to only promote your own products, it's virtually impossible to promote two to three new products a month… If you're not promoting at least two products a month to your Email list then you are far under-monetizing a very valuable asset. So rule of thumb here, although you will always make more money promoting your own products to your Email list, it's virtually impossible to keep up to that demand. The next best scenario is using your relationship with your list to endorse great products. Let's talk more about how to endorse products! Tip #1 is to go to existing affiliate networks that specialize in digital products. The two particular ones that come to mind are: 1. Clickbank.com 2. JVZoo.com Both of these networks not only have thousands of products to promote in virtually any niche on the Internet, but they also give you great stats and indications as to the popularity or conversions of each of those products. One of the tips I can give you is if you go to existing networks such as Clickbank.com or if you go to JVZoo.com, you can actually see the rankings of those products. You can see their current conversions. Although relying on their data is not always the best metric, when you're just beginning, it's the best start. Not long after you start building your Email list, you'll have the ability T HE E MAIL L IFELINE and brand to call other Email marketers in your niche and simply ask them what they are promoting and what they recommend - there's nothing better than word of mouth referrals! However, what if you're just beginning. How can you still "borrow" the advice of the big Email marketers already in your niche? Just subscribe to their Email lists! Find the top five or six brands/ gurus in your industry and subscribe to their Email lists. Chances are that you are already subscribed to their lists. Now, all you have to do is read their Emails, click the links and watch what products they are currently promoting. You especially want to watch for trends. When you start seeing more than two or three of the Email lists you're on talking about the same topic or promoting the same product, you know you're on to something very hot! There is a 95% chance that there is a big product launch happening in your niche and you can capitalize on all the buzz that these marketers are creating for you! The next tip is that you should find the top four to five product creators in your Industry and subscribe to their affiliate lists. Just go and input your Email into their affiliate database and pay special attention to their Emails. Almost all of the top product creators in any niche will release at least two products a year. Not just that… When their friends have a launch coming up, they tend to announce the product to their affiliate lists as well. There is no better way to get tons of notice on an upcoming launch than by being subscribed to these affiliate databases. Typically, you can go to their websites, scroll to the very bottom and it will say the word "Affiliate" click it, and there will be a place for you to sign up as an affiliate. Do it. Sign up for as many affiliate programs in your space as possible because these companies all go through cycles. Every three to four months, they will release a new product and when they do, their affiliates are the first ones to find out about it. That's the easiest way to get on the cutting edge of what's being released in your industry. However, I repeat, there is no better way to know what is launching than to be on the "inside." The only way into the inside is by starting to build your list and start hitting leaderboards! The more powerful you become in the Industry, the more launches will start to come to your own doorstep. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE Suddenly, one day, you will be getting more requests than you can even fill! - - - SIDEBAR: T HE I MPORTANCE OF L EADERBOARDS Now, I just mentioned something about leaderboards. Let me just take a sidebar here to tell you just how important leaderboards are in the affiliate game ( especially as an Email Marketer ). Starting to have your name show up over and over on various leaderboards across time is going to have an absolutely unmatchable drastic impact on your business. The more products you prove you can sell, the faster your business will grow. You're going to see the top brands in your Industry start reaching out to you. Instead of you chasing to open doors, they will be chasing after you. You'll even find yourself in a place to write your own terms or create special incentives for yourself. You'll start building an amazing brand in the Industry. All of this is key for you when you decide to finally launch your own product in the niche ( the big pay day ). This is another benefit of participating in at least one product launch per month, the branding and "show of domination" to the Industry! Launches are the best time to showcase yourself to the Industry. That's how you find great affiliate programs to promote! It's simple. It's easy. It's quick. - - - There you have it. It really is that simple. Remember one thing, you'll make mistakes along the way. Even I still make them all the time. You can never be 100% in your choices and it's virtually impossible to always know what your list will respond to or not. However, there's only one way to learn and improve and that is to start doing! T HE E MAIL L IFELINE CHAPTER 12: WHAT IS THE EMAIL LIFELINE Now, it's time to discuss what this book is all about! The Email Lifeline. Make sure to keep this diagram in your mind at all times. It's incredible, even though I've been an Email Marketer for over 10 years, it wasn't until recently that I really figured this key secret out. About a year and a half ago, I figured something out that has completely transformed my business. It has helped me increase my monthly Email Marketing revenue by over 300% ( in some months, I even see up to a 1,000% increase) . Not only has it tripled my income but the system has actually made my life easier. It has deepened the relationship with my list. Most of all, I finally stopped seeing the major list churn I used to see. In the past, every new subscriber I had would have an average life of T HE E MAIL L IFELINE about four to five months. I would consistently see my income take a plunge after that time period. However, ever since I've implemented the Email Lifeline model, my results have not only stopped dropping, they've actually begun to go up over time! H OW I U SED T O P ROMOTE I N T HE P AST Years ago, it was commonly accepted that all Email Lists have a cycle. Whenever we built a new list, we could pretty much guarantee that the list would begin to die in about four to five months. Progressively over those months, one would start seeing lower open rates, lower click rates, and a plunge in their income. This was common though. No one knew any different so we accepted it as the norm. It was just commonly understood that you should drive as much revenue out of your Email list as possible 'before it died.' The irony here is that that fear in itself would force us to make decisions (as marketers) that only accelerated the rate at which the relationship with the list died. The very solution we were implementing to monetize the Email Lists "while we had them" was the very cause of the income dropping to begin with. Like I said, irony. So the solution we implemented was simple: promote everything and anything under the sun. Make as many product sellers happy while you can so that you can build that relationship. This way when you launch your own product, "they owe you one. " However, as we now know, that was the worst thing to do in the World. There were months where I remember promoting upwards of ten products in a given month. Yes, you heard me right. Ten! Sometimes, I would be promoting two products at the same time even. Again, it wasn't just me. This is what everyone was doing. It was just the norm - after all, you never knew when your list would die so you would urgently try to promote anything you could! It wasn't until about a year and a half ago that I had a conversation with a brilliant marketer and great friend. He made me have a true ah-ha moment. He gave me very controversial advice. He told me that I needed to stop promoting that many products. I remember challenging his advice and trying to argue back. He kept his cool and simply T HE E MAIL L IFELINE responded with, " I don't promote more than two, maximum three products a month and my income has tripled from my Email list." Honestly, after being friends with him for over 10 years, that was the first time I ever doubted his words. I remember replying, " That just sounds crazy. The numbers don't even make sense. There is no way you're making 3 times what I make! You must be making half of what I earn…" That was when he shared his numbers with me. He shut me up very fast and that was the day I decided "I have to test this myself. Everything is worth a test!" His second piece of advice as to why his numbers are so high was: " I focus on higher ticket products so my commissions are much bigger. Secondly, I really get in deep with the program. If I promote it, I really promote it. I don't just send one or two lazy Emails. I get in there. I really qualify my leads and push the program hard - I even throw in my bonuses. I hold nothing back." So, it was time for me to test. The data I got later was just shocking. The first month alone, I implemented his strategy and I made 200% of what I had made the prior month. I literally went from promoting 8 products a month to only promoting two products that month I dove in deep. I spent 10 days on prompting each product. I covered every emotional trigger I could. I gave away free training, I gave away bonuses and I never promoted anything else during those 10 days. I kept my list focused and I worked on simply building value. The results were profound. So, that was it. I had found my new sweet spot. Month #2 I tripled my income, just the way my friend had said! However, I think I began to abuse that policy. I suddenly started promoting nothing but high-ticket products, back to back. I would do no more than two, or three promotions a months. Everything looked great for the first few months but then I noticed something… Almost over night, my results started dropping. My open rate dropped. My click rate dropped. I had less people attending my Webinars and my conversions were dropping, too. From what I could tell, my income from the list was going back to what it was before. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE My initial assumption was to think "See, it just is what it is, a list always dies after a few months. " However, I wasn't willing to accept that! I had a feeling deep down that there had to be a good reason! That was when, almost by mistake, I fell upon this model that I now call the Email Lifeline . One night, I sat down and thought about my list and the various kinds of people on it. I knew that there were people from all over the World. One data point I had for sure was that 40% of my subscribers were from outside the United States. I also thought about he various life-situations my subscribers must be in. Their personal situations, their professional situations, their age, their background, etc… Obviously if I had an Email list of over 200,000 people, I had to have a wide-range of subscribers. This realization led me to a major breakthrough. I realized that by only promoting high-ticket products, I was likely alienating at least 90% of my Email list. They were seeing no value from me because they could never afford any of the solutions I offered them. Obviously, in time that would lead them to start ignoring my Emails. After all, I was providing them with no value. If anything, I was consistently making them feel left-out! That moment, I began to test that model a little bit. I stuck to my rule of never promoting more than three products a month, however, I wanted to mix things up. Instead of only promoting high-ticket, I wanted to fluctuate my promotions and the price ranges I covered. I wanted to make sure that after a high-ticket promotion, I would also deliver solutions that were far less expensive. I wanted to involve as many people from my list in my exciting promotions as I possibly could! As I began to test the model, I could quickly see the definitive results: the more I toggled my promotions, the better my relationship with my list. My open rates stayed high, my click rates climbed and my income began to grow month to month. I was able to take an old model where my Email lists would die out month by month and completely flip it upside down. Suddenly, everything was growing. What do you know? The entire time, I should have just been thinking about properly serving my subscribers ( and not just myself ) and that would have solved a problem the T HE E MAIL L IFELINE entire Industry was facing! As you see in the Email Lifeline diagram, there are three kinds of offers ( we segment them mostly by the price of the product ). 1. Low-Ticket 2. Mid-Ticket 3. High-Ticket The key is to build a balance in between these promotions. Is it written in stone? Should you always start the month with a low-ticket and move your way up to the high- ticket. Absolutely not! This is just an example diagram. If you are on my list, you will see that each month is different. The diagram is there to make a point and the point is that you should cover the full range and toggle between them. Let's dive in and talk about each type of offer. Even more importantly, let's talk about how to properly promote each type of offer. It's time to put your Email Marketing on steroids! T HE E MAIL L IFELINE CHAPTER 13: THE 3 TYPES OF OFFERS There are three kinds of offers. When you're planning your Email Lifeline and calendar, no matter what you promote, they will always fall into one of the categories below: #1 - Low-Ticket Offers #2 - Mid-Ticket Offers #3 - High-Ticket Offers So, let's get right into what each one is! L OW -T ICKET O FFERS A low-ticket offer is going to cost anywhere between $1 and $97. One thing to note is that of course, all niches are different. In certain niches, $97 may actually be considered T HE E MAIL L IFELINE mid-ticket, however 90% of the time, $97 or below is considered a low-ticket purchase in the minds of consumers. The offer itself can be anything. It can be a software, it can be a tool (such as wordpress plugins), it can be education, content, or even a series of videos that create one course. The point is that it's a digital product and not physical. The margins are high and that means affiliates earn at least 50-75%. Most low-ticket products will be either sold using a written sales page, a video sales letter (VSL) or a combination of both. It is an absolute waste to use Webinar selling for low- ticket products (please note that and never do a Webinar to sell a low-ticket product). M ID -T ICKET O FFERS A mid-ticket offer is anything that goes between $97 and $700. Again, in certain niches this may be considered high-ticket so you need to pay attention to what your niche rules are. Now, here's the irony. Almost always, the actual product itself will be very similar to a low-ticket or even high- ticket. You are still either selling a software, tool or a course. The difference is just how in- depth the product is and why the seller values it at the price given. A mid-ticket product is typically going to be sold through either a video sales letter (VSL) or a Webinar. There are some mid-ticket products that are sold through a written sales page, although I highly, highly advise against it. Conversions are far better when promoted through a VSL or Webinar. H IGH -T ICKET O FFERS Next, of course, some of my favorite products to promote: high-ticket products. High- ticket products constitute anything sold above $700. Typically, I stop the price limit at $5,000. I consider products above $5,000 to be "super ticket." That's entirely another ball game. Without fail, high-ticket products should almost exclusively be sold using Webinars. If someone launching a high-ticket product is asking you to promote their funnel which involves only using a VSL to sell, I highly recommend against it. Rather, I recommend that T HE E MAIL L IFELINE you create your own promotional Webinars by using my "Event Based Marketing" methodology ( more on that in Part 3). S O , WHAT ARE W EBINARS ? Webinars are live events that are hosted virtually. This means that people from all around the World can log-in to one area and hear (and even see) you LIVE. Webinars have become the next big wave of online marketing right now. There is a reason for that. The kind of conversions that are being seen on Webinars and the kind of income being created is unavoidable. Here is an un-debatable truth: if you want to sell high-ticket products, whether as an affiliate or your own product - you absolutely must learn how to use Webinar selling. We will dive more into Webinar selling in Part #3, but now that we've touched on the topic, let's talk more about what are the different "forms" of selling online. There are basically three main ways of selling a digital product online (the most common and effective). #1 - Written Sales Page #2 - Video Sales Letter (VSL) #3 - Webinar The strategies you use to promote each of these are very different. Let's continue by getting into the specifics. How exactly do you promote low-ticket offers, mid-ticket, and high-ticket offers? T HE E MAIL L IFELINE CHAPTER 14: HOW TO PROMOTE EACH TYPE OF OFFER This may be one of the most important chapters in the entire book. Please make sure to read this a couple of times until you really get the hang of promoting each kind of offer. I religiously subscribe to the lists of my students and have always noticed a common trend. They promote each offer (no matter what type it is, no matter how that offer is being sold) the same way… Let's make sure you don't make this mistake (or stop making it now)! P ROMOTING L OW -T ICKET O FFERS First of all, for the rest of this chapter, there is one assumption that I am going to operate in. I'm going to assume that whatever product you have chosen (no matter what type it is) is a high converter. So, all things being the same, your job as an Email Marketer is to simply send as much (qualified) traffic to the offer as possible. Let's talk low-tickets… The bottom-line is that as long as the sales page really does its job, it's safe to assume that it will not take much work to sell a low-ticket product. If the benefits are there and clearly help the niche, the low-ticket price range falls into the "impulse buying" range. This means that people are far less likely to sit and think hard about making the investment. The amount of money required should not and rarely will be a major deterrent. What does this mean to you? It means that you will not have to work as hard. You will not have to be as aggressive. Your focus will be to simply send enough traffic to justify that the active portion of your database has at least seen the offer. What this also translates into is a golden rule I abide by for all of my low-ticket promotions. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE Send a maximum of 3 or 4 Emails promoting that product. That's it. Even 4 Emails should only be sent if the product is continuing to convert like gang-busters to your list by the third promotion. You will save your aggressive marketing for the mid-ticket and high-ticket offers! On a low-ticket there's going to be basically two types of landing pages. #1 - Written Sales Pages #2 - Video Sales Letter (VSL) Although similar, the style and types of Emails you send out do need to change a bit. The difference is small, but can make the World of a difference in your conversions and overall results. P ROMOTING A W RITTEN S ALES P AGE If you're promoting a written sales page, let's first recap the 3 job functions of an Email marketer. #1 - Create Excitement #2 - Create Expectation & Edify #3 - Generate Clicks! The first rule is a default. It should never matter what you're promoting, you always need to create excitement. Even if you're sending out nothing but content, you still need to create excitement. From here on out, we'll make that assumption and not discuss excitement anymore. So, let's move to what you need to focus on when promoting written sales letters… You need to place your focus on creating expectation. When you send traffic to a written sales letter, the focus needs to be on preparing them to actually read a letter! You see, the reason that video sales letters work so well is because they're proven over and over to captivate and pull in the viewer. However, a written sales page can be daunting and out- right intimidating for most people. Here is the easiest way to create that expectation… The very first thing to do is align your Email subject line and your Email content with T HE E MAIL L IFELINE the hook of the headline in the sales letter. This is probably the most important step. Whatever hook you choose for your Email, it should directly correlate with the message the sales letter is delivering right away through the headline. When trying to increase your chances that your visitors will actually read or at least skim a sales letter, it's imperative to keep your message and the sales letter as congruent as possible. Here's an example: Let's assume the headline of the page you're promoting is: "Scientific Breakthrough Creates Controversy By Releasing The 7 Diet Tricks That Can Help You Shed Off 10 Pounds in 10 Days…" If you are promoting that to your list, here are examples of what your subject line could say: " REVEALED: Lose 10 Pounds in 10 Days." Furthermore, the content of your Email would continue by telling them that a recent scientific study has created controversy. Perhaps you could mention that the same 7 tricks that were initially thought to lead to weight gain have now been found to be catalysts in losing weight! Looking at that, the combination of your subject line and Email have completely aligned your subscriber to be intrigued and captivated by the headline when they reach the sales letter. The second thing to do is indirectly or even directly mention in your Email that the link you are sending them to has a letter. Here's an example of this: "In the following letter, you will receive 7 tips that will help you lose 10 pounds in 10 days." Something as simple as that can create enough expectation that will lead to a dramatic increase in your conversions. Your visitors will now be going to the page with the right frame of mind; they'll be ready to read! Alright, let's keep moving along. P ROMOTING A V IDEO S ALES L ETTER (VSL) Let's immediately start by drawing a difference between promoting written sales letters and VSLs. When sending traffic to a VSL, your ultimate major focus changes. You are now T HE E MAIL L IFELINE less focused on edifying and more focused on function #3 - generating as many clicks as possible. This is because VSLs are already proven to be captivating. By nature, most people prefer watching a video, over reading a letter. So, as long as the video starts in an intriguing way, it will catch the attention and excite your visitors to watch it - all on it's own. Your major focus remains on just creating enough excitement to generate a click. The only real "edification" that is needed is to let them know that they are watching a video. You can do this as easily as just making the clickable link say something like: "Go here to watch this shocking weight loss video…" Promoting VSLs will also give you a lot more room for creativity of your messages. As opposed to promoting written sales letters where your hook will likely be limited to whatever the sales letter has written. Promoting a video sales letter gives you the ability to say whatever you need to - enough to create excitement and get the click. Of course, any time you have more room for freedom, you can also start to use the story method (an excellent tool to increase conversions). We'll talk more about the story method in Part #3 of this book. P ROMOTING M ID -T ICKET O FFERS Let's move on to promoting mid-ticket products. Mid-ticket products should rarely be sold using a written sales page. As a matter of fact, I'm so against this that we are going to assume the underlying rule is to only promote low- ticket offers with a written sales page, never anything else. There should always be only two methods to promoting a mid-ticket offer: #1 - Video Sales Letter (VSL) #2 - Webinar My personal preference is that I begin to lean towards using Webinars more and more. It all depends on the price of the product (even if it is a mid-ticket). If it's on the higher price range (closer to $500 or more), then I almost always default to a Webinar. However, if the product is closer to $100 to $300, I will prefer to use a VSL. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE P ROMOTING A V IDEO S ALES L ETTER F OR M ID -T ICKET : If you're promoting a mid-ticket offer through a VSL, then your promotion will be very similar to a written sales page promotion for low-ticket. That means you're going to need to focus on your edification a bit more than all the other steps in your Email content. Here's why… You know beforehand that the step you need your visitor to take at the end will be a bigger one. It will not necessarily be an "impulse buy." Given that fact, it will serve you well to put an extra one or two sentences in your Email to mentally prepare your subscribes. So, how do you do that? Do you mention the price or sell the product. No. Never! You can leave your message very open-ended and indirectly. Even a sentence like the following can go a long way to prepare your subscriber before they click. "This video is very important. If you're serious about losing weight then you need to take time to finish it. Be prepared to take notes and make sure you take action at the end of the video!" That's it! You didn't sell the product. You never do that. However, you did prepare them to finish the entire video. By attaching their level of seriousness to finishing the video, you have indirectly built accountability into their minds. More than ever, they will now subconsciously want to finish the video. Because, again, if they don't, the internal message they will have is that they are not serious about losing weight. There you go, that's it - that is exactly how you edify a video where there is a major action to be taken at the end. Now, let's talk about the next golden rule... When promoting a mid-ticket, how many Emails should you send? There is never a black and white answer to this question, however, it goes without saying that you definitely want to send more Emails than with a low-ticket product. When promoting a mid ticket offer, be prepared to send anywhere between 6 to 9 Emails. What makes the difference in how many Emails you send will be based on a few metrics: T HE E MAIL L IFELINE #1 - Ulterior Motives. Perhaps this is a product launch and you are fighting to be high on the leaderboard for the branding. #2 - Conversion. If the product is resonating very well and you are making a killing. #3 - Belief. Sometimes you just truly believe in a product and want to push it hard so it gets in the most hands. #4 - Promotional Strategy. In case you happen to be tying together a Webinar push and a VSL, you will need space for more mailings. #5 - Bonuses. In case you're adding your own bonuses to sweeten the deal and increase conversions ( a topic we discuss later), you will need to be prepared to send more mailings towards the end of the promotion to build scarcity. Having said that, I really do not like to go above 9 Emails. I save that level of aggression for the high-ticket products that I promote to my list where my promotional strategy is more involved and extended. P ROMOTING A W EBINAR O FFER - M ID -T ICKET Here is where we get into the big leagues. I'm excited to talk to you about selling offers using Webinars. Get ready to excite your creativity and see incredible conversions unlike anything you have ever seen before. I am currently on pace to generate over $20 Million in revenue this year (2015) in my business and I can tell you that 90% of that revenue is thanks to Webinars. Our entire business model has 100% changed to focusing on Webinars. For now, let's purely discuss the promotional schedule, however, we will discuss Webinars in more detail soon… Most mid-ticket offers should not have more than 1 Webinar to promote it. In case you want to extend the promotion and have additional days, here are some options: 1. Promote a VSL (if there is one) 2. Create a Bonus Page 3. Do a LIVE Q&A Session on the last day of the promotion (Google Hangout) However, you should reserve your multi-Webinar promotions only to be used on your High-ticket offers. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE Let's just say you are doing a 1 Webinar promotion ( happening on Wednesday) and you're dedicating about 7 days of your calendar to promote this mid-ticket product. Here is the promotional schedule to use: Sunday  Tuesday = Promote The Registration Page of the Webinar Your Emails can be short, exciting and focused on driving clicks to the Webinar registration page. The only day that you need to send out a more edifying and longer Email will be on Wednesday (the day of the Webinar). Wednesday = Send an Email early in the morning (7 AM EST). This is the day that you send a longer more edifying Email so as to get their commitment to not only register, but make them feel accountable to be present during the session! Thursday  Friday = Pretend that you are promoting a VSL, because you will be mailing out replays of that Webinar (which is almost the same as having a VSL). Your Emails can be focused on creating excitement and just enough edification to get their commitment to watching the entire replay. It is very important that you be ready with the replay file and page to go out EARLY the day directly after the Webinar. This Webinar is fresh on the minds of those who missed it and you want to capitalize on that. Many Email Marketers make the lazy mistake of skipping a day or waiting until late evening to send this Email. You will lose a lot of money doing this! NOTE: It's vital that you send out at least 2 Emails for the replay ( unless Email #1 absolutely bombs). Saturday = Give your list a break. Do not Email on this day. Sunday = If the promotion has been doing very well for you, you want to do a final day T HE E MAIL L IFELINE of scarcity. If you have your own bonuses and really want to push the offer (maybe you're competing for a leaderboard position), then plan to send two Emails on Sunday. However, if the promotion has not been great and your numbers are far below what you were expecting, I suggest ending your promotion on Thursday of this week and move over to content on the weekend to nurture the health of your list back! Especially if you have someone else actually doing the Webinars for you (if you're an affiliate and the product seller agrees), you can see how these promotions are dead easy. The Emails can be straight forward, or creative. You can deploy many conversion strategies to increase your income. You also get an excellent chance to build a relationship with your list by allowing them to be present LIVE with you while also giving them great content! Next, I want to show you how similar it is to promote mid-ticket Webinar offers and high-ticket Webinar offers. As a matter of fact, they are virtually the exact same. P ROMOTING A H IGH T ICKET O FFER - W EBINAR Firstly, for high-ticket products, there is only one cardinal rule. That rule is that you never, ever promote a high-ticket through a written sales page or a video sales letter. Ever. Never. Don't even think about it. You only use Webinars. The only question is: how many Webinars are you going to do during your promotion? Here are the guidelines I use (however, remember, none of these are written in stone and I always base my decision at the time depending on the product and other launch related metrics)! If the product is priced between $1,000 and $2,000 - I believe you can still get away with doing a 1 Webinar promotion. In this case your promotion will be almost identical to how we use Webinars to promote a mid-ticket. The only major difference will be that you should definitely do your strong close out. You should also definitely create a bonus package to go along with your offer. Because of the price of the product, many customers sit on the fence about the product for a long time and the final scarcity push can actually be your biggest day of sales! There is seriously no other difference in promoting a high-ticket Webinar and a mid-ticket Webinar! Now, let's talk about promotions where you decide to use multiple Webinars. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE P ROMOTING AN O FFER WITH M ULTIPLE W EBINARS When promoting multiple Webinars, you are obviously going to need to send out more Emails. You should be prepared to send out a minimum of 10 Emails, but no more than 14 (which should only be reserved for major promotions you're doing - not all of them). Let's go over a model that is a bit more extreme, a promotion you are digging your heals into. Assumptions: Webinar #1 - Tuesday Night Webinar #2 - Tuesday Night (1 Week Later) If you look at this diagram, there is absolutely no change from when we discussed promoting a Webinar for a mid-ticket offer. The only difference is that you are repeating the process twice. Again, remember, these plans can be changed and personalized in any way. However, this diagram does serve to be a good model to follow. - - - SIDEBAR A DDING B ONUSES T O I NCREASE Y OUR C ONVERSIONS If you really want to dig your heels into a high-ticket promotion and want to send your conversions to the next level, consider adding bonuses. We call this bonus stacking. Bonus stacking is when you add your own bonuses to an offer to make it so enticing that someone just cannot say no. Remember one thing, when someone buys a product because you recommend it, it's because they have faith in you - you are the person they trust (not necessarily the person T HE E MAIL L IFELINE selling the product). This means that the more of you that can be "in" the offer, the higher your conversions will be. It is consistently proven in any Email list that the subscribers will buy a product that you create far quicker than they will ever buy a product you endorse. Using this data, it makes complete sense that if you create your own bonuses and essentially give them free products from you AS WELL as the product seller, it sweetens the pot considerably. As a matter of fact, many times, your subscribers may even buy the product just for your bonus. I've seen this done many times. So, be ready, when you really want to make a dent in a promotion - add your own bonuses! - - - The other main benefit of bonus stacking is that you can use it to "create" your own launch, even if the product you are promoting is an Evergreen offer. How? Well, you just time a timeline to your bonuses. That means that you make the bonuses available on a certain date and pre-announce that they will expire on a certain day. This will still allow you to send scarcity-based Emails towards the end of your promotion. The more and more we get into promoting high-ticket offers, we are going to move into one of my favorite Email Marketing strategies, it's called "Event Based Marketing" (more coming in Part #3). Alright, now that we've discussed how to build your promotional strategy for the three different types of offers and the different styles of sales pages, it's time to get into some advanced secrets of Email Marketing. Most specifically, I want to give three of my greatest golden nuggets. Get ready to transform your Email Marketing business! T HE E MAIL L IFELINE

### PART 3:

### EMAIL MARKETING SECRETS & CASE STUDIES

I'm one of the luckiest men in the World. For more than a decade, I've been blessed with having built many profitable businesses. At the same time, I've had the good fortune to help more than 250,000 of my students to launch and grow their own businesses. But my real gift has been the consistent ability to learn. I have been a fanatical student of Email Marketing now for well over 10 years. I am constantly testing everything under the sun. I am constantly watching and learning from other Email Marketers (and even my own students). I've studied Email Marketing down to its very last detail. The result: Today I have accumulated hundreds of secrets, strategies, and insights that deliver extraordinary results. I now have a proven Email Marketing playbook. These underground secrets have now led me to building a company that is generating over $20 Million a year, all thanks to only one thing - Email Marketing. Right now, I want to share the three greatest secrets I have. However, I also want to invite you to join me at List Academy, where we are building an entire community of secrets. We are gathering the World's top Email Marketers and revealing absolutely everything that can help multiply your business - month over month! Let's start with my 3 favorite secrets. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE CHAPTER 15: SECRET #1 - THE STORY METHOD My first secret to really improving your Email Marketing is by learning how to use what I call "The Story Method." This one method alone can completely transform your relationship with your Email list. The stronger that relationship, the more opens, clicks and revenue you generate. There is a direct correlation and it has existed for centuries before Email Marketing was even invented! So, what is The Story Method? It's the fastest way to build a relationship with your subscribers. It's the fastest way to prove to them that you're a real person behind that computer. It's the one strategy that separates you out from the face-less corporations into a person that they can build a trusting relationship with! Your goal is to craft your Email in such as way as to convince your subscribers that you're a real person. A person that cares about their needs and genuinely wants to help them. The best way to do that is by letting them into your life. Share with them where you've been. What you've experienced and how you've arrived where you are today. Instead of telling them that you're an expert, let your stories tell your tale. So, how do you do this? There are actually several ways. Let's start with the most obvious and straightforward ones first. You should sign your Emails with your name. Not pen names. Don't hide. Tell them who you are and use your real name. This allows you to tell your subscribers about your Facebook page, your Twitter page, your blog. Basically, you get to legitimately invite them into your life. It's hard to do that with a pen name. In time, it shows. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE So, when the Email hits their inbox, don't have it go from something like: "Weight Loss Newsletter." Rather, use your name. They are not a subscriber to your company; they're YOUR subscriber. Now if the World was ideal, you could send a personal Email to each and every one of your subscribers. Imagine knowing each of them, knowing how to talk to each of them individually. Well, unfortunately, that is not our reality. You are soon going to have tens of thousands on your Email list and there is only one of you. So, the real question is, how do you communicate with that many people and have most all of them FEEL like you're communicating directly with them. I T ' S ALL ABOUT T HE S TORY M ETHOD . The Story Method has become a part of me. Even when I'm hanging out with my friends now, they tell me that everything I say - is always in the form of a story. I realize now that I use The Story Method in at least 80% - 85% of the Emails I write to my list. I tell them a little about myself. Where I am. What I'm doing. I'll connect the promotion or the content back to a time in my life where it allows me to tell them a story. People love stories. Plus, people love connecting with other people. My Story Method utilizes both of these! Because I don't believe in sending long Emails, I usually inject my story in just a few sentences, maybe a paragraph or two (at max). The rest of my story generally takes place after the click, whether I send them to a blog (during content Emails) or I send them to a video or Webinar. I save the meat of the story for those who take action (by clicking the link). - - - THE POWER OF THE STORY METHOD I'll give you one very good example to really drive this point home. I was on my honeymoon in September of 2014. We went to Europe: Venice, Paris, Amsterdam, Barcelona. Everywhere. And though I was on my honeymoon, I still had to communicate with my list a little bit. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE My wife is great, she didn't mind. So I would ask her to hold up my iPhone -- nothing high tech here -- and I'd make a quick video. I made it a goal that every cool place I went, I would spend just two minutes or so talking to my list. Like when I was on the gondola ride in Venice, I would share where I was and what I was doing, and then Segway that story into some valuable concepts to teach them. Here's what happened. We were on this little boat, paddling through the canals in Venice. I had an idea! I had a Webinar coming up in a few days (Yes, I did a Webinar on my honeymoon… she didn't mind). On that boat ride, I asked her to hold up the iPhone. I sat on the other side of the gondola and in not even 2 minutes, I recorded a short message. The camera was shaking and the sound was horrible. The video was anything but perfect, but it did the trick. All I said on the video was something to the effect of: "Hey, everyone, this is Anik Singal here, live from my honeymoon in Venice on a gondola ride. It's beautiful. Now, you might be wondering why the heck I'm making a video for you on my honeymoon. Because this is that important: I'm running a Webinar in 3 days. Guys, it's so important T HE E MAIL L IFELINE that I had to ask my wife for permission to be able to work while on my honeymoon. She gave me that permission. Now you don't let me down by not being there. This is a big deal. We're going to talk about free traffic, and I'm bringing on a guest expert who's going to rock your World." That was pretty much the video. Now, you might be thinking, what's the story there? See guys, the story is that I'm in Venice, on my honeymoon and my wife is currently making the video for me. Just that bit of information alone shows that I'm a real person. It shows my personality. It tells them more about my life ( where I went on my honeymoon, the fact that I just got married, the fact that I'm touring Europe). At the same time, it makes them think: "This Webinar must be very important if he's making a video about it on his honeymoon!" What a perfect example of doing two things at the same time! Not only did I strengthen the message behind my "promotion." But, I also deepened the relationship with my list by letting them have a sneak peek into my life! Your story doesn't have to be long. It doesn't have to be incredible. It just has to be you. Raw and honest. Your story should simply be something that let's people peek behind the curtains of your life. It shows your list who you are, what you're doing and where you're from. It shows you're human, you care and that's the only way that someone will ever stand a chance at trusting you! That's really all the story method is! - - - Now, the Webinar was a raging success. An entire month went by and I found myself in Las Vegas running a LIVE event. There were over 600 people in the room. Life moves so fast, I had even forgotten about the Europe trip and was focused on the event. Within the first day, I was walking around the room before we began the event and one of my students ran up to me and said: "Anik, how was Venice? Did you enjoy the Gondola ride?" T HE E MAIL L IFELINE I stood there stunned. I was freaked out. I wanted to know how in the World this person knew about my trip to Venice. It was my honeymoon for crying out loud! Very sweetly, I asked the student how he knew about Venice and much to my embarrassment he responded, " you sent us that video on the gondola, remember?" I have honestly become so accustomed to making videos like this that I had completely forgotten about that video! That was not the only student who had come and asked me about my honeymoon at that event, the topic came up countless number of times. The best part was that these students were asking me this question just as they would ask their own friend. It was clear that you could see the relationship I have fostered with them. It was truly a proud moment in my life. Even till this day, no matter what LIVE Events I go to, I will have students come up and consistently say one thing to me: "Anik, I already feel like I know you." This is not by accident. This is by design. My Emails are designed to get that reaction, it's just nice to get validation that my commitment to the Story Method is working so well! Think more and more about this story as you write your next Emails. Ask yourself, if I send this Email, am I telling them something about myself that they may come and ask me about one day? Am I creating a conversation point with my subscribers? The benefits of Story Method are hard to explain. They are endless. The relationship you build. The trust you gain. The increase in your click rates. The more your list looks forward to opening your Emails. All of this compounds and leads to many bigger things. Suddenly, you're ranking higher on leaderboards! Suddenly, more of the marketers in your Industry want to know who you are. All because you tell stories to your list. Just imagine the snowball effect these Emails can create in your business! Here's some proof that good story-telling isn't just to make friends, but it actually translates itself back into good business. I want to tell you about a time that I promoted a product as an affiliate. I will share some comparison results with you. These are absolutely eye-opening. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE I went head to head on a promotion with a friend of mine. I know everything about his business. I knew the size of his list. I knew how many clicks he can send. I knew that he was an experienced Email Marketer. However, I had never seen the kinds of revenue he creates or what his EPCs are when he sends promotions. Considering how close our list size was I decided to do a test. We both decided to promote a $2,000 product. Now, he has a very different style with his list. He sends out Emails that are a lot more corporate. They're based on facts, statistics and the latest news in the niche. He's not personable and he does not treat his list as if they are his friends, but purely as subscribers to a newsletter. I've tried to convince him many times to come around to my way of thinking, to embrace "The Story Method." However, he has refused to budge. Of course, I decided to promote this product as I always do. I would be myself. I would be Anik Singal and I would "story tell" my way into the promotion to see who would win. We promoted the same number of times. We promoted on the same days. We promoted the exact same sales page. We also promoted the very same Webinar, no difference there. The only difference was in our style of managing our Email list and the style with which we sent our Emails. The promotion began. We went head to head. By the time the dust settled and the product launch period was over. I had gone to generate over $150,000 in net commissions. That was my profit. Want to know what he had earned? $35,000. You do the math. I literally earned 500% of what he did, all because of the style of Emails I sent out and my personal relationship with my subscribers. Need more proof of the power of The Story Method? Here it goes… Now I'm going to give you a case study from the opposite side of the spectrum. I ran my own product launch. This means I was launching a product, I was the seller and I was out recruiting affiliates to promote for me. Now, being that it was my own product, I could see all the data I wanted. I had the data on every one of our affiliates. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE I will never forget this one affiliate. He had my attention from day #1 of the promotion. This one affiliate was consistently soaring up the leaderboard and showing major dominance. But, here's the thing. There was something that shocked me the most about his list. He was generating an EPC that was more than $10 per click. Yes, I said $10. Whereas my other top ranking affiliates were doing about $1.50 on average. How in the World were his results almost 8 times that of my other top performers? What if I told you, that was still not the shocker. He was sitting at #3 on my leaderboard for the entire promotion. He was competing head to head with affiliates who had Email lists as big as 400,000 subscribers. Not just any subscribers, but active subscribers. Take a guess how big his Email list was? Just 16,000 subscribers. Yet, this superstar went on to make over $50,000 in commissions! So, how did he do it? What was his secret sauce? First, his Emails are basically mini novels. They're way too long. I never recommend making Emails that long, however, that is how he has trained his subscribers from day 1. His subscribers eat it up. Why? Because he provides tremendous value and he litters his entire Email with himself. You can see his personality in every word and in every picture he sends out. His subscribers know him better than probably his own family does. He has a habit of doing at least 3 Webinars a WEEK with them - free Webinars. This means, he gets on for hours, shows his face, talks to them and answers their questions. He rarely promotes products. He just teaches and delivers. The relationship he has with that list is something of amazement. But, it also goes to show you how powerful the Story Method is. Who cares how big your list is, what matters at the end of the day, is how powerful your relationship is with your list. It's a fact. The Story Method helps build relationships and relationships drive income. Really put in the time and effort to care about your list and share stories of your life and they pay you back in spades. Yes, you too can do 10 times more with a list that is 10% the size of someone else's. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE Now imagine what will happen when this person grows his list to be 160,000 or 300,000. Insane! Wrap your Emails in stories. There's probably no better way to personally connect with your audience. And the minute you're connected, a tidal wave of sales and profits quickly follow. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE CHAPTER 16: SECRET #2 - EVENT-BASED MARKETING My second secret is one that far too few marketers use. Event-based marketing. Maybe they think it's hard, expensive or most likely - they don't even know it exists. I can honestly tell you that my event-based marketing opportunities have been the most lucrative and business-skyrocketing ones of my life. This one concept alone has made me more money in Email Marketing than any other strategy I have ever used. In fact, I want to start right away by sharing a case study that will actually shock you. It still amazes me to this day. Before I can give you the case study, I want you to understand that event-based marketing is a combination of two things. 1. The declaration of an event with a defined period: a beginning and an end. 2. Webinars. You must learn how to run powerful Webinars to get the best use of event- based marketing. Here we go… In 2013, I promoted a product that was $3,497. Now, I did it before I even understood this whole world of event-based marketing. So I promoted this product exactly how I had always done. I simply followed the marketing funnel created by the product creator. They asked me to mail their pre-launch promotion. I did. They asked me to mail for each piece of content they gave away. I did. Then, on the day the cart opened and the product was officially for sale, they chose to sell a $3,497 product using a video sales letter. As most of the affiliates did, I promoted the VSL as well. That's it. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE I never put any more energy or planning into it. I didn't even know it was possible to do any additional planning. The entire launch lasted a little over two and a half weeks. I sent over 30,000 clicks to the promotion during that period. I did well! I generated over $60,000 in commissions. As far as I knew, that was a great performance. I had generated a $2 EPC and compared to most of my promotions that was pretty good! Not bad. But then I saw some of the other affiliates who were promoting. The numbers that they were reporting were easily 500-700% higher. The crazy part was that their Email lists were smaller than mine! So, as I always do, I studied their model, their marketing and dove in deep. Turns out, they were doing dramatically better, however, they had never promoted a single piece of the launch-based content. They had actually gone in and created their own funnel. The overwhelming common trend was that they were using their own Webinars to sell this product. After all, it made sense. It's a $3,497 product; it's just too difficult to sell a product of that price using nothing more than just a Video Sales Letter! That was the day my understanding of "conversion" took a huge step forward. I transformed my entire Email Marketing practice model and never looked back! So, lesson learned. I began testing new models and new strategies. Before I knew it, six months had passed and the same product was launching again. Same product, same price and I decided to throw my hat in once again, as an affiliate. The interesting test would be that I was promoting to the same exact list, however, this time, I was using a very different model. What would the results be? Rather than promoting any part of the pre-launch or launch, I had grown a simple "Webinar based" model into a completely new form of marketing. I completely created my own funnel. But, I went way beyond just using Webinars, I used what I now call event- based marketing. This meant that no Email ever went to the pre-launch. No Email was ever sent to their website. I never promoted a single piece of content they released. I never even sent a single T HE E MAIL L IFELINE visitor to their Pre-Launch! I simplified. I declared a training event in my company for exactly 1 week. I turned to Webinars and indoctrinated my Email list to be ready for one week of amazing education around a topic they had never learned about before! In fact, I even hosted every Webinar myself. The entire promotion, I decided to keep full control. I never even invited the persons behind the launch to come participate on the Webinars. Even though I was just the affiliate, I decided to do my own training, my own marketing, my own selling. After all, it was my list. Their relationship is with me, no one else! I even created my own additional list of bonuses. As a matter of fact, I created over $16,000 in Free bonuses. I was all-in. I was going to create a new wave of marketing that would change Email Marketing forever. …and it did!. Now, instead of mailing for two and a half weeks straight, I mailed for only about 9 days. Because I had more time to plan my promotions and build excitement, I still generated about 30,000 clicks (this time in a period of just 9 days rather than the two and a half weeks I did before). So let's recap: Same product, same price to virtually the same list. I promoted it for far less days and kept full control. I even used the same time period to give away amazing training and deepened my relationship with my subscribers! Now, you want to know how I did? Just take a guess at what my commissions from the promotion were by the time the 9 days ended. I made over $610,000 in profit. Yes, I said $610,000 in pure profit - straight into my bank account! Just think about that for a moment. I mailed the same product. I mailed to the same list. I sent the same number of clicks. The only thing that was different was my strategy and yet I went from making $60,000 to making over $610,000. That was a 10X increase in my commissions, all while mailing for less days and using the time to actually build a deeper relationship with my list! T HE E MAIL L IFELINE I had it. I knew I was onto the next wave. I had overwhelming data and support for event-based marketing. Since that day, I have gone on to test this model, over and over. It has never once failed me or any of my students even one. The best part is that event-based marketing is incredibly simple. It's just a process of declaring a virtual event to your Email list that has a definite beginning and an end. During this time you commit to go in-depth and teach your subscribers about a certain topic. You get involved. You create a curriculum. You announce all your LIVE events ahead of time. You give away prizes. You give away knowledge. You bring on experts. You do everything you can to educate and serve your subscribers. However, during that time, that event is your only focus. You never talk to your subscribers about a single thing that is not aligned with the Event. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE Honestly, some of my virtual events I ran have delivered more knowledge, training and expertise than 50% of the products in the market. They are highly valuable. At the same time, I end each of my events with a strong promotion. My sales don't drop because of the value I provide, they sky-rocket! Educate your audience, tell them why to buy and guess what? They buy! That's it! Just start with a topic that relates to what you will ultimately sell. Let's use the Internet marketing world for example. I would tell my list: "For the next 10 days, I'm going to teach you guys about getting free traffic through search engines." Or… "For the next 10 days, I'm going to teach you everything you need to know about how to get traffic from Facebook for pennies on the dollar." Or… "For the next 10 days, I will teach you how to be a digital publisher and how to create your own product." Or… "For the next 10 days, I'm going to teach you how to make $10,000 a month with Email marketing." The point is you create a clear beginning and a clear end. It's the defined period of time that actually qualifies what you're doing as an "event" to begin with. Imagine the side- benefit of the transparency here. You're openly announcing to your list and mentally preparing them for your promotion. Your subscribers are not only fully aware but even excited about the upcoming event and education they are about to receive. You're getting their permission to basically sell to them! This part is very important. It's huge. Whenever you get someone's buy-in for something, they are far more open to the message you deliver. Heck, go one step further, if you can make them think that it was THEIR idea to begin with, your results will automatically go through the roof. Event-based marketing can be used whether you're promoting your own product or T HE E MAIL L IFELINE even if you're promoting products as an affiliate. Doesn't matter. The three job responsibilities of an Email marketer will never change. #1 - E VENTS C REATE E XCITEMENT What's more exciting than an entire event surrounding something you already want to learn about? Even better, the entire event is FREE and exclusive only for them. This builds a community feel. You build pride and a sense of ownership in your subscribers. They realize that they are getting something of amazing value from you that they will never get anywhere else. This deepens your relationship and trust. This one strategy alone opens their eyes and ears to you. When you announce, "For the next 10 days, we are going to be talking about this topic. I'll give away the world's top 5 secrets. I am bringing on experts from around the World to teach you. We're doing 3 LIVE training sessions, we're going to dive in deep….oh….and the best part? It's 100% Free only to my subscribers, that means you!" As you announce the event, you're not just telling them the topic of focus. You're giving them advanced notice on the dates of all the training events. You're telling them when the training ends and what their deadlines are - all from the get-go. Dates, times, what to do, when to do it…guess what you're doing? You're creating expectation! #2 - E VENTS C REATE E XPECTATION What's brilliant about event-based marketing is that you're edifying and creating expectations by default. You actually can't even host an event to your list without creating the appropriate expectations by default. There's zero guesswork. You're telling them point blank, "For the next 10 days, this is what I'm going to talk to you about." You're telling them, "You are going to get an Email from me every day." You're telling them, "There will be 3 Webinars, and you have to be there at these specific times." T HE E MAIL L IFELINE You're telling them, "Here are the 6 things that you will learn in the next 10 days." It seriously can't get much easier than that! Be upfront. Be 100% transparent. Your subscribers will not only appreciate you more, you'll gain their trust and respect for it. As a result of all of this, your subscribers will be more likely to respond, attend LIVE and of course, buy the product you are promoting. #3 - E VENTS C REATE M ASSIVE C LICKS Think about it, if you block out 10 consecutive days on your list to Email about ONLY one topic, your subscribers will be ready and on the lookout to receive messages from your everyday. Sometimes you even mail twice in one day (when something truly exciting is happening). You host Webinars and then have replays to mail out. With all this activity, it goes without saying that the number of clicks you can create from that database automatically shoots through the roof! Now, again, I will tell you one thing. Event-based marketing should be saved only for high-ticket products. Even more so, I believe that you should save this specific strategy for products that are either $2,000 or more. If the high-ticket product is $997, you may still be better served to just host a Webinar (but not go as far as declaring an entire event). I can tell you that there is only one potential down-side to event-based marketing. It's because of this reason that you cannot just go crazy and start using event-based marketing, week after week. That's also why we limit it to the very high-ticket products that generate the largest chunks of commission. So, what is it? Event-based marketing takes time and energy. It takes a lot of preparation and planning. You can't just copy and paste an Email given to you and hit send. You have to plan for at least two weeks in advance. You have to create Webinars. You have to host those Webinars. You have to create bonuses and then, you have to write your own well-thought out Emails. I don't recommend hosting more than 4-5 "events" a year. That seems to be the sweet spot! I don't recommend being on vacation or traveling during an event (although I have T HE E MAIL L IFELINE actually done this, I don't recommend it). So, all in all, events are incredibly powerful, superbly profitable, however, they do require planning and some level of effort. T HE S TEPS T O P LANNING AN E VENT Step 1 -- You must create a name for your event. You must brand it. The name has to be something that has a direct benefit. A name that is sexy; a name that your audience can easily remember and relate to. If you're doing an event about search engine optimization, you might call it, "The Free Traffic X Workshop." However, you would not want to call it the "RT7 Workshop" unless that term actually had a meaning. Once you have a name for your event, you need to register a separate domain for it. In my example, you could call it www.TrafficXWorkshop.com. Now, you would need to create the appropriate registration pages (which means you need to outsource to a designer - yes, it costs a bit of money, but the return is infinitely more). This domain name will be where your Email promotions go live for the given time period. All of your Email promotions will centralize around your event URL. You will never, ever send traffic directly to the product that you are promoting (unless of course, it's your own product launch). Step 2 -- It's time to pick a product that you will be promoting during this time. To start, your product should be a very high-ticket price, $2,000 or more. Ideally, you want to pick a product that is currently in launch mode. Your event becomes even more powerful if other affiliates in your Industry are also contributing to the buzz being generated. Imagine the value you add and how much traffic you can actually steal from other affiliates during this time. While all other affiliates are just promoting the usual pre-launch and sales video, the word will get out fast that you're doing LIVE training sessions! Soon many possible customers who are excited and on the fence will show up to your events. They will be there to get your help in making their final decision. But, little do they know, they'll end up getting sold by you - earning you the affiliate commission! Rather, you will be literally building your own launch within their launch. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE Step 3 -- You need to come up with a stack of very sexy Bonuses. I'll let you in on another secret. Your bonuses are almost more important than the actual product you're selling. Why? Because people want value. In this day and age, you can't simply give them a few videos and an eBook and be done with it. It just won't fly. Your bonus stack must be towering and the value must be jaw-dropping. In fact, your subscribers should actually feel that they are actually taking advantage of you. That's when you know you have a strong and irresistible high-converting offer. If you're only doing 4 or 5 events a year and you're really digging your heels into a certain promotion, here is how you shape your bonuses. #1 - You need a minimum of 7 bonuses. #2 - The total value of the bonuses should add up to at least 3X the price of the product. So, if the product is a $1,997 product. Your total additional bonus value should be at least $6,000. But honestly, that's just a minimum. In my business, I tend to follow the 5X rule. My bonuses always add up to at least 5X the price of the product. That's where I have found I create the most movement in sales. Step 4 -- Lay out your Webinar schedule. The whole event-based marketing model is about doing live Webinars. Don't mistake these for pure selling. These are training events. For each one, you need to cover different topics that build upon themselves (in case you get viewers who are on all of your sessions). However, the trick is to also make the LIVE event capable of standing on it's own. I have discovered that with every event I do, my Webinars never have the same people. Only 50% of my viewers are usually returning viewers. Another reason to do multiple events, you give more times and options for your subscribers to engage with your LIVE events. Again, this is why it is important that each Event can also stand on its own. Of course, at the end of every Webinar, your will present the product using a particular sales formula. You will then declare and sell your bonuses. You will create a mental image T HE E MAIL L IFELINE for the entire offer and present the amazing value they can get. The Free event you're hosting is meant to just be a trailer, a tease. The subscriber should be thinking " If I got this much value in just an hour for Free, imagine what I can get after I make a small investment into this program!" T HE B ENEFITS OF E VENT B ASED M ARKETING So, you work really hard to make a huge splash in event-based marketing. Let's recap why we are really doing this. Yes, of course, it's proven to make you more money, but are there other benefits to doing events as well? First benefit -- Your biggest days of sales will be your first day and your last day. Works every time. Makes sense, as you scoop up those who are easy to sell as well as those who want the value of every day of training. You create excitement. You create scarcity. You engage your list! Second benefit -- Your conversions are going to be radically different and ridiculously higher than any of the other affiliates. Third benefit -- Your EPC will far outshine any other affiliate in the program. Fourth benefit -- This one is my favorite. You will absolutely build an incredible, long- term relationship with your list. The effect that an event has on edifying you to your subscribers is unmatchable. That face-time you get with your subscribers during the committed time is simply invaluable. The effects of that relationship building last months, if not years and carries through all your future Emails. This is exactly why I like to space out my events evenly throughout the year, 4-5 times! In fact, talking about relationship building, I am constantly amazed by the comments and Emails we get from our subscribers during any of my events. I pay special attention to the comments from those who choose not to buy. You know what kind of Emails they send us? "Anik, you rock! Thank you so much! I learned so much, your Free event was better than most courses I have even paid for! I wasn't able to buy this time around, but you did a great job and I just wanted to thank you for taking the time." Yes, that is a real Email I got that I just pasted in here. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE This relationship I've built is key. Why? Because they become fans. Your subscribers show up for your next Webinars. They pay extra special attention to your Emails moving forward. Their trust in you goes through the roof. Or they pay attention to my next Emails. Even if they couldn't buy your $3,000 product, they feel so much reciprocity that it's only a matter of time before they purchase something... Perhaps a few weeks later, when I promote a $300 product, I will hit the nail on the head and they'll be the first ones to run to the order button! Trust me, I've seen this with my own eyes. Without fail, all the promotions that I run right after a recent event, my conversions are considerably higher than the other promotions I run throughout the year. Alright, events are awesome. We agree. However, in order to be able to master event-based marketing, you absolutely have to learn how to host a Webinar. Let's take some time now to dive into that! H OW T O H OST A W EBINAR I love Webinars. They're fun, high energy, and they allow me to personally connect with my prospects and customers. The best part is that they are far easier and simpler to conduct than creating written sales letters or video sales letters. Because of the nature of a Webinar, you have more flexibility and room for error. You never need to be perfect! Take my word on this, there are only 5 steps that you need to learn in order to be able to host powerful Webinars. Even if you've never done a Webinar before or even as much as attended a Webinar, you can master this art - quickly. I do want to give you a couple of warnings, though. Do not engage in event-based marketing until you have learned the appropriate way to do Webinars. Not only could you waste a lot of your time and energy, you may actually alienate your audience. Rather than delivering value and building your relationship, if it comes across as a glorified sales pitch, they may not appreciate it. Warning #2: I advise you not to do event-based marketing until you have also tested your ability to do Webinars. It's one thing to think you are ready. When that little webcam light on your laptop goes on, it may be a whole different story. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE So, if you've never done a Webinar before, here's where you should start. First, you need to educate yourself. You need to learn the formula and practice it. I'm actually about to give you the 10,000 foot overview now. This will serve as an excellent start. Second, pick a promotion where you run just one Webinar that you host yourself. Get comfortable with the process. Don't declare it into an all-out event just yet. Run one Webinar and get a feel for how well you are able to convert your Webinars into sales. As a matter of fact, I think you should do at least three to four single Webinar promotions and really get the hang of it before you consider declaring an event to your list. Third, wait until you have at least 10,000 leads on your list before you get serious about Webinars. The power of Webinars is lost unless you can get at least 200 or so LIVE attendees. Until then, focus on the other marketing strategies. This is not a hard-fast rule, if you are willing to put the time in to learn and practice, you can even run Webinars with 50 people on LIVE. Just go in with the right expectations as to how many you want to convert and how much revenue you want to generate. Alright, just implement these 5 parts and you'll absolutely rock it out with every Webinar you do. P ART -- I NTRODUCTION The introduction is quick. Maybe three to five minutes. But it's critical! Because you must start your Webinar off with a bang and immediately get your viewers' commitment to stay the entire session. This means they need to be shown the value they are about to get. You need to sell them right from the beginning to stay the entire time (or else how will they ever see the product promotion at the end). So, right from the start, make sure your energy is through the roof! Get everybody's attention. Most of all, the biggest role of the introduction is to get their buy-in. You can't tell them too much but you also can't tell them too little. Keep it short and give them a layout for what they are about to get that day. Think of your introduction as the headline of a sales letter. It serves the same role. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE However, rather than just being one sentence, you get an entire three to five minutes! Again, the wonders of a Webinar are that it allows you to be imperfect! P ART -- T HE S TORY Once you finish the introduction, once you convince them to stay to the end, they're ready to hear about you. You must share with them why you are the right person -- the ONLY person -- they should listen to about the topic you're presenting. You need to show them that you're the expert and the right credible authority - qualified to teach them! How do you do this? Through a story of course. You can even share an experience you have had (connect with them), the results you achieved (tease them with hope) and the solutions you have proven already (pure credibility). Your story part should be no more than 10 minutes, tops. The story about yourself is all about creating two main emotions: #1 - Connection. Make your viewer relate with you. #2 - Credibility. Your viewer is there for an obvious reason; they need a solution. In the story, convince them that the solution is in this Webinar and with you. Nowhere else. You never mention the product or bonuses directly until the end. However, you can use your stories in this section to drop hints and subconsciously prepare them to buy a product at the end! P ART -- C ONTENT It's funny. Email marketers see Webinars totally different than their subscribers do. Marketers view Webinars as a chance to pitch their products. But, your students who attend the Webinar see it as an opportunity to learn something new. I'll say this over and over again. People don't buy because of your pitch. They buy because of your content. Given that this is the largest chunk of your Webinar, it demands that you give it the most time as well. However, going too long can also put your entire pitch at risk. Your content part should be about 40 to 45 minutes -- no more. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE Of course, it all comes down to the relationship and the value you provide. Deliver enough genuine value during your Webinar, and they'll buy pretty much anything you want. However, here's my main warning when it comes to content. When you focus on providing valuable content, there is a sensitive dance to be had. You can't give away too much content during a Webinar, but you can't give away too little either. Give away too much content and they feel so satisfied with what they have learned to the point that they feel they can come back and buy your product later after implementing at least what they learned so far. However, give too little and they leave your Webinar irritated and feeling cheated (never a good situation to be in). Want to know the secret formula for creating killer content that is primed to convert like gangbusters? Here it is… Focus your content on telling your viewers "what" to do, but never tell them "how" to do it. This may sound devious, but think about it, it makes sense. You only have 45 minutes with them. Can you really teach them the "how" of every step in such a short Webinar? Of course not! Plus let's assume there are five steps to the solution you are teaching them. If you tell them what the five steps are and exactly how to implement them, what exactly is the reason for them to buy your product to begin with? They just got everything they needed (at least the viewer feels that way)! Here's the major focus of the content section of a Webinar... You want them to have as many "Ah-Ha moments" as possible. That's it. Nothing more. Nothing less. They need to see things that they never realized before. Perhaps an approach to a solution that they never realized existed. Even better, perhaps your system makes a method very simple, maybe a short-cut you've discovered. Simply the discovery of that strategy, the mere existence of it is considered content in the eyes of your Webinar attendees and does more than enough to create that Ah-Ha moment. This excludes you from ever having to actually show them how to execute on that "moment." T HE E MAIL L IFELINE The more of these moments your content can deliver, the higher your conversions will be in the end. P ART -- T RANSITION I cannot stress how important the transition is. However, it should still be very short and smooth. I suggest no more than 5 minutes to transition between the content and initiate your sales presentation. The transition is key because it provides a "why" to the reason you are now selling a product to them. If you asked them to come learn free content, why are you suddenly selling something? How do you justify following free information with a "pitch." A well-crafted transition can actually leave your audience literally begging for the sales pitch. A poorly constructed transition can destroy your chances at the sale before it even begins! I've seen many Webinars where there is practically zero transition. Even worse, I've heard the following phrase (in different renditions) many times…. "…and that concludes my training…now, I want to tell you about a great product?" That is NOT a transition. It will never work. Your transition is the period of time when you are asking your viewer to literally give you permission to sell them a product. You're even positioning it in such a way that you're actually about to do them the biggest favor in the world. You're about to let them in on a secret that very few ever have the privilege of getting. Here's an example of a great transition… First - I conclude the training by telling them that we've just scratched the surface, there is far more - but we simply do not have the time. Second - I will relate the training back to what it means to them. "Imagine how your life can be once you master these skills, imagine the loads of traffic you can get for Free…well, let's do some math. If you were to use the 5 step system I showed today to even get an extra 100 visitors a day, look what happens…" What I'm doing here is relaying the message back to them. What's it in for them? I'm essentially making them crave the steps even more. I'm making them realize that they are not quite masters of it but they sure as heck want to be! T HE E MAIL L IFELINE Third - I'll relate to them. No one wants to be the first to try something. No one wants to be the first to learn something. I will share success stories and give them proof that the system works. This will be the first time that I will begin to hint at the program I am about to sell. I will tell them that these students mastered the 5 steps by first going through this program… Fourth - I will make them realize how lucky they are that this opportunity is even there. I will set-up the scarcity and let them know that today may be the only time they get an opportunity to join… Fifth - I will transition into the pitch finally by telling them the few things that they need in order to master the "how" of each of the 5 steps. After this, the very things I list there are the beginning pieces of the product I'm offering. Boom! We're done. By this point, we are officially now into the pitch and your audience is hooked! Works every time! P ART -- Y OUR P ITCH The pitch is to be done very, very specifically. There is a scientific formula to doing a pitch that includes how you setup the product, all the way through your bonus stacking and then ending your presentation with an extended Q&A to start pushing people over the fence. A Webinar should really never be more than an hour and a half. However, once the pitch begins, once you have already done your call to action, you can go for as long as you want. You just want to make sure that you give them the chance to take action within the first 90 minutes (max). Ideally, the first call to action should be within the first hour and 15 minutes into the Webinar. If you target that, even if you run long, you can safely know that you will be well into your pitch by an hour and a half. Here is how I structure my sales pitches: #1 - The Main Offer - The meat and potatoes (what they get). I will spend about 15 minutes on this. #2 - Price drop to set-up the initial price. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE #3 - First call to action. #4 - Bonus stacking. #5 - Aggressive call to action to inspire urgency. #6 - Your powerful guarantee. #7 - Build scarcity - call to action again. #8 - Extended Q&A to pull last sales from people who are still thinking about it! As I mentioned before, Webinars are their own beast and I could go on for 10 more hours about how to run a powerful Webinar. However, in this section, my goal was to give you an overall introduction. If you're interested in learning more about Webinars, make sure to join us at List Academy. We have a wealth of information there about running powerful Webinars. T HE E MAIL L IFELINE CHAPTER 17: SECRET #3 - KNOW THE BUSINESS What do I mean by knowing the business? What I mean is take some time to look under the hood and learn how everything works. How is your Email actually delivered? When you log into an Autoresponder and you hit send, what happens? What are the servers doing? I don't need you to go get a degree in computer science, but I do need you to know your entire Email strategy inside and out. The better you understand how Email is actually delivered, the more powerful you will be! You see, what you put in that Email and what Email address you send the Email from can make a huge difference. Those two things alone can determine if your Email ever even makes it into your subscriber's inbox! You've probably heard of Email Autoresponders, right? Just in case you have not, Email Autoresponders are basically web-based software that automatically deliver your Email to your entire subscription base. That means you can type it out in one place, hit send and the technology will do the rest! I'll start by telling you that not all Autoresponders are the same. Not even close. For example, my favorite Autoresponder is a company I helped found called Sendlane.com. For over two years, our team of Email Marketing experts and I worked on just one thing. One very important thing: Optimum deliverability. Because if your Emails aren't delivered to your prospects and customers, what's the point? T HE E MAIL L IFELINE What I'm trying to get at is that the Autoresponder you choose is critical. You could actually take your Email list, move it to a different Autoresponder and get HALF the results or you could get DOUBLE the results. So, how do Emails not get delivered? Your Emails are sent by a server. Your server has a name, which is called an IP address. Now, that server is being shared by many, many people. That's right, you're not the only one sending Emails from that server. There are tons of people on that server. When these other Email marketers start doing bad things such as spamming or writing horrible messages that have bad open rates - well it hurts the reputation of your server with Email services such as Gmail and Yahoo mail. When the server's reputation gets hurt, it automatically means that your Emails are at risk of not getting delivered as well! You may be the perfect citizen. Your Emails may be perfect, however, it's a group effort and you have no control over the group! That's why it's even more important to choose the right home for your Email list. You want to make sure that the Autoresponder company is showing leadership in policing their network. The company needs to be constantly getting rid of the bad apples so that the good ones stay fresh! How do you know if your Emails are starting to hurt? There are a few data points to always watch closely. In fact, here are some key metrics you need to keep your eye on every time you send out an Email. Open rate. Click rate. Bounce rate. Unsubscribe rate. Spam complaints. I would set a reminder. Log in twenty-four hours after you send your Email and visit each of those important metrics. You should always strive to improve that data. It defines the health of your Email list. Remember, at the end of the day, your Email marketing is not defined by the number of subscribers you have on your list. That doesn't matter. It's defined by the number of clicks you can generate and the quality of those clicks, nothing else. That's right, you can have an Email list of a million people, but if you can only get 300 T HE E MAIL L IFELINE clicks from them, what's the point? Or vice versa, you can have an Email list of only 10,000 subscribers and be able to generate 1,000 high-quality clicks! This is why it is important to know your metrics. If your numbers start to drop, it's either because of the company you are using to send your Emails or because you are beginning to lose that relationship with your list. Either way, it will serve as a warning to make sure you make some changes, fast! Since we're discussing Email deliverability, let's talk more about what else you can do to improve your deliverability. #1 - Keep your open rates high (write great subject lines) #2 - Keep your click rates high (write great Emails) #3 - Keep your bounce rates and spam complaints as low as possible. Mostly, your bounce rates can be managed completely by your Autoresponder. Autoresponders have built-in systems that communicate on an on-going basis with all the various incoming Email services. If an Email ever bounces back, your Autoresponder should instantly remove that Email and make sure it does not send an Email there again! Manually trying to manage this process would be virtually impossible anyways. W HAT IF I TOLD YOU TO DELETE LEADS FROM YOUR LIST ? The CEO of Sendlane.com and a good friend of mine, Jimmy Kim, came to me one day. Back then I had an Email list of well over 600,000. However, my open rates were dropping like a rock, they were getting too low. My open rates had fallen to about the 4-5% range. But, what did I care, right? Heck, I had a 600,000 people on my Email list and I was able to still generate thousands of clicks! Who cares if I was getting lower open rates? Well, he taught me how it mattered. He said, "Anik, you have thousands and thousands of people on your Email list that are no longer active. They're ghosts! And because you're still sending them Emails, your open rates are suffering." See, open rates are determined by the number of people that open your Emails divided by the number of people you send the Email to. If you have a 100,000 subscribers that are not even active, meaning they have never T HE E MAIL L IFELINE opened your Emails in months that means you are wasting time sending them Emails to begin with. Also, they are dropping your open rate by a lot. Just deleting those leads alone can make a drastic impact on your open rate and your reputation with all the incoming Email services. Here's an example. Let's say you sent an Email and you had a 100,000 people open the Email out of 500,000. That's an open rate of 20%. That's excellent. It's actually hard to do that ( but for sake of math ). Now, let's assume you found out that 100,000 of those Email addresses don't stand a chance. Why? Because those subscribers have NEVER opened an Email from you in over 90 days. Then you delete them from your database. Yes. Delete. Goodbye. Now you're sending to 400,000 Email recipients. If you've got the same hundred thousand opens, but now it's divided by four hundred thousand, your open rate goes up to 25%! That's huge! That new 25% sends a very loud message to all the incoming receivers that your Emails are being highly engaged. What happens next? They start to deliver even more of your Emails. Seriously. So, that's precisely what I did. I was nervous. It was hard to do. But I sliced a full 100,000 Emails from my database. What happened next flat out shocked me. After kissing 100,000 of my subscribers goodbye over night, the number of clicks I was generating shot through the roof by 100%! I was now literally sending twice the number of clicks than before. Can you believe that? By deleting 100,000 leads off of my list, I was now generating more clicks, and more money. Why is that? Because my open rate doubled! I remember that. My open rates went through the roof. As a result, Google, Yahoo, and the rest believed that my Emails were cleaner. Therefore, they started delivering more of my Emails. Considerably more! Guys, these aren't numbers in a vacuum. These are people. People who were once T HE E MAIL L IFELINE engaged with me and my brand; who probably hadn't even received an Email from me in months because those Emails were getting blocked by incoming servers. Suddenly, they started getting my Emails! Naturally, they clicked the links and re-engaged with my brand! The lesson to be learned here is that every 90 days, you should be prepared to do a full clean up of your list. Yes, 4 times a year. Every quarter. Make sure your Autoresponder allows this. Some don't. Of course, Sendlane.com does. Just go into your list and pull the data to determine who has not opened any Emails from you in the last 90 days. That's it for secret number three. Watch your data and keep making it better. The more of this you do, the more money you'll make! T HE E MAIL L IFELINE

### IN CONCLUSION…

We've been through quite the journey just now. I want you to understand that this is just the beginning. Read this book again. Make sure you really understand and master the concepts that are here. I have literally given you a ticket to financial freedom. You can now build the business of your dreams. You can travel the World. You can have complete freedom, heck, this business can even be run from a laptop on the beach. Every concept. Every secret. Every strategy I've shared is real. It works and it's 100% tested. Not only have I tested it, but ask any of my top students who have now become millionaires using the very same training. However, I have some good news. You and I, we're not done yet. I want to invite you to join me LIVE for even more training. I want to spend some time with you LIVE and go over these concepts in even more depth. I still have plenty more case studies and secrets that I want to show you. Actually, what I really want to do is completely roll back the curtain and give you the golden-ticket to enter the inside of my business. No holds barred. No man left behind. I'm going to show you everything and anything. I've put together a series of Free LIVE training events. We're starting promptly on July rd . All you need to do is go to and save your Free seat. That's right - 100% Free. There's not catch. There's not trick. Just more raw, life-changing training from yours truly, me. The only question I have for you now is - are you truly serious about taking control of your life? T HE E MAIL L IFELINE If your answer is YES, then don't stop here. Immediately go to , register for our free training and let's get started. I can't wait to work directly with you. I can't wait to hear your insanely successful story. Now, let's stop reading and let's start doing. I'll see you on the other side!