---
titulo: "Email Marketing 12 Hack List"
autor: "Andre Chaperon"
anio: 2014
idioma: "en"
categoria: "cold_email"
fuente_original: "pdfcoffee.com-andre-chaperon-email-marketing-12-hack-list.pdf"
isbn: null
---

# Email Marketing 12 Hack List

## Introduction

Before I share these email hacks with you I want to give you some context. Because there's a good chance you don't know who the hell I am... So why should you listen to the advice I'm about to impart on you? Here's an email I received a few years ago out the blue from someone I had never spoken to before: Talk about humbling. My head grew a little bigger after reading that email :) But you know what the kicker is? ... I'm not a copywriter. Have never studied the black art of "copywriting". I've never been through a copywriting product, beginning to end. Never. Yet I get acclaim like this. How so? Read the hacks below and you'll get an idea . Anyone who has the desire to make email work for them - can. I promise you I'm no one special. I know everyone says that in an attempt to be seen on the same level as you, the reader. But in this case is absolutely true. Lemme end this prelude with this really quick story I've never really shared before ('cos it's embarrassing)... I'm born English speaking. I can't speak any other languages really (sometimes I feel the same way about English). Throughout school I SUCKED at written English. I was told I have a "learning difficulty". So early on in my school life (I was barely out my diapers) I was held back a year. I don't remember the details, but I guess they thought I just wasn't on the same "level" as my classmates. So I quickly became the oldest kid in the class. Not ideal for one's self- esteem. I was 8. But I was a nipper. I'd get over it, right? Well apparently I was also a bit of a handful back then. Teachers said I had a "concentration problem". So I was referred to a specialist. He said I had ADHD, and promptly prescribed me Ritalin . So now I was nipper, a year behind for his age, and on Ritalin . Happy days. Things couldn't get much worse. But I guess I still didn't progress at the level teachers thought I should be progressing at. So a couple of years before going to high-school, I was sent to a remedial school. I now apparently had dyslexia too :) I couldn't spell for shit (nothing has changed there btw). I battled to read. So off I went to the remedial school. … which basically was a specialist school catering for children who have "learning difficulties", which prevent them from achieving success in a mainstream school environment. I loved remedial school. Perhaps because everyone was just like me. No one could spell. No one could read well. I finally made it to high-school. A real high-school. But out of all the subjects I took, English has my worse by a mile (no surprise there). I scraped through exams each year by a hare's whisker. Because if you fail English, you fail the year. Period. I still couldn't spell for shit. I remember regularly getting 0/20 for spelling tests. The teacher thought I was screwing around. No one could possibly be that bad. I was. Even though I was honestly trying. Now here I am, what feels like a lifetime later -- an online marketer and entrepreneur. And the funniest part... I'm considered one of the best email guys in the business. So funny. Like I said, I have zero special abilities . If I can do this, believe me, so can you .

# HACK #1 - Talk To The Right Audience

Relevance . Because owning someones attention isn't free . There is a misconception that clicking send to thousands of subscribers doesn't cost anything (over and above the cost of the service you use to send email). Nothing could be more wrong . Attention isn't free at all. It's earned , over time. But it can literally vanish overnight if you abuse that (temporary) trust you've earned. There is an invisible trust metric when someone who doesn't yet know or trust you, first enters your sphere of influence. I call this trust equity . It starts at zero. Or near zero, depending what you did to get them onto your list. When you send that person a relevant email, that invisible trust equity increases by a few points. +1 Send another relevant email... +3 And another badass email... +7 The number isn't linear. As you earn that trust over time, the positive increments get larger. After a month worth of relevant emails (say 15 emails in total) your trust equity could be sitting at +50, for example. Then you do a promotion to your entire list. But it's not really in line or congruent with the reason why they subscribed in the first place... BOOM! -20 Do it again, and you would have almost lost the trust and attention of that person. Trust and attention are two of the most scarce elements of our economy. Trust is incredibly fragile. And attention is scarce because it doesn't scale (we can't do more than one thing at a time, and everyone is competing for it). For those reasons, when we lose the trust and attention of a person, it's lost for good . Because they move on. This is why we need to be careful and protective about what we send to our audience. Be relevant .

# HACK #2 - Be Interesting (Worth

# Reading)

Have you ever read a corporate email? It'll put you to sleep. It's as interesting as watching paint dry. If you make it to the end, before falling asleep (or cutting your wrists), you've done well, sunshine. Being interesting is a dance ... A dance of being entertaining, relevant, preeminent, teasing, flirty and giving value (but not giving it all away). NEVER give it all away btw... Because lust ends when craving ends . There needs to always be the sense of something else, even better, behind the curtain. Do that, and you'll not only be interesting, but you'll also increase your trust equity (the trust and attention you own). I've not found an easier way to be interesting than to use storytelling as the delivery vehicle for my message. (More on that later.)

# HACK #3 - Segment!

This isn't optional (hence the only hack title that comes sporting an exclamation mark). You don't get a choice of not doing this. What? ... you don't segment your email subscribers!? Shit! You're going to want to fix that pretty damn pronto then, tiger . Here's why... Everyone on your email list has some shared core needs, wants and desires. But only very broadly . Like I want to make money (get more of it). I want to be pain free. I want to play better golf. I want to run a half marathon in under 2 hours. ... yada yada yada . But as your audience's level of sophistication increases , so will their needs and desires. They become more specific as they progress. Your email lists are made up of these cohorts with very specific deeper desires that have a need to be satisfied. I wanna earn money online can break down into more specific sub-categories, like ... traffic (paid/free/social) conversion (copy/funnels), product (solutions to problems), affiliate marketing, e-commerce... ... and that's just scratching the surface. For this reason you constantly need to be "grouping" (categorizing) people within the email service you use. If it's old school list-based services like AWeber, MailChimp, iContact, GetResponse, Constant Contact, 1ShoppingCart, MailChimp, etc, then you have to create new lists for each category. Infusionsoft, Ontraport & Mailfluence handles this task far more elegantly (intelligently), using tags . But regardless of how you "tag" or "categorize" or "group" people in your email database, you need to do it . It's critical. It's impossible to always be relevant (HACK #1) without constantly segmenting your email list. Relevance is achieved through segmenting .

# HACK #4 - Only Promote Badass

# Products

I know this seems ... well, like "Dah!" ... of course we should only promote badass products. Yet I see marketers peddling shit products every day. Thanks to the lure of the big commission check. Or because of a "back scratching" favor (ever heard of the Syndicate ?). I wouldn't "burn" my list for any commission. It's not worth it. Never is. I follow a philosophy I learnt from Jay Abraham a million years ago -- called the Strategy of Preeminence . In it Jay says that our job is to be a fiduciary ( most trusted adviser ) to our prospects, customers and clients. Which fosters a relationship of trust and confidence. And as such, we are never allowed to promote a product or service that doesn't help move our audience towards their desired end goals. Anything less is a breach of our responsibility (moral obligation) as their trusted advisor . When we promote a product that isn't a perfect fit with the needs, wants and desires of a segment we're addressing, it negatively affects our trust equity with that segment. Choose products to promote that you would want to purchase if you were in the shoes of your audience segment. It's a long game approach. Which is the only way to play if you want to be around long into the future.

# HACK #5 - Use Storytelling as The

# Emotional Delivery Vehicle For Your

# Marketing Message

This short report isn't the place where I can give you an education on how to tell stories that connect, persuade and influence. Instead, I'll tell you why telling stories is so much better as a delivery vehicle for your marketing message. ... so much better than the typical lame "buy my shit" sale-ezy promo crap that's so common. Stories have a unique power to move people's hearts, minds, feet, and wallets in the story teller's intended direction. Stories teach , unite , and motivate by transporting audiences emotionally . Great storytelling is a game-changer. Because you don't have to "sell" (you'll see how I do this shortly). Stories put all the key facts into an emotional context. That when done well, sucks the reader in and builds SUSPENSE and ANTICIPATION for more... The basic building blocks of all compelling stories are simple: (1) CHALLENGE (2) STRUGGLE (3) and RESOLUTION. You'll see this same framework in almost every Hollywood blockbuster. And every great novel. First ... get your listeners' attention with an unexpected challenge or question. Next ... give your listeners an emotional experience by narrating the struggle to overcome that challenge or to find the answer to the opening question. Finally ... galvanize your listeners' response with an eye- opening resolution that CALLS THEM TO ACTION. Listeners are rarely hooked if they don't sense some compelling CHALLENGE in the beginning. They won't stay engaged if they're not excited by the STRUGGLE of the middle. And they won't remember or act on the story unless they feel galvanized by its final RESOLUTION. Stories don't have to be long or involved. But they do have to surprise us. You've heard of the story of the Trojan Horse, right? The tale from the Trojan War about the subterfuge that the Greeks used to enter the city of Troy and win the conflict. Well ... purposeful stories are just like that Trojan Horse. They cleverly contain information, ideas, emotional prompts, and value propositions that the teller wants to sneak inside the reader's heart and mind. Thanks to their magical construction and appeal, stories emotionally transport the audience so they don't even realize they're receiving a hidden message . I'll expose you to what I call a "soap opera sequence" in HACK #12. Which is where I first use story as a vehicle to "connect" with my readers. Of course, it should go without saying, use the art of storytelling for good, not bad. It's powerful beyond words. So use this power ethically. The easiest way to leverage a story in one email is using this quick framework: 1. Story (as the lead-in or metaphor for our message). 2. Segue (from story to your marketing message, ideally connecting the story to the message in some way - metaphors are great for this). 3. CTA (that one thing you want the reader to do). Here's an email I wrote when I was working on the 3rd Edition of AutoResponder Madness, and I was running months behind schedule... There was no CTA in this email. It was all emotion and nothing else. It connected with my readers like magic. I received hundreds of emails as a result of it... SUBJECT: [ARM Update] New ETA (October 2012) It's tough when creating something that matters. It takes longer to articulate and put into words. Plus I have over 1,500 survey responses from customers. About stuff they loved and stuff they didn't. So that has to get factored in to. I guess what I'm saying is ... it's nigh on impossible to set an ETA on a project like this, where the creative genius runs the damn show. That's the thing with creativity ... the "genius" doesn't always show up. It's not like a light switch. So all I can do is show up each day and do the work. Soldier on, and hope to God that it shows up and inspires more times than not. If you don't understand what I'm talking about - well, I don't blame you one bit. But perhaps this (amazing) video will help: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=86x-u-tz0MA The lesson I'm finishing off now (right after this email) ... well, it's taken me three damn days to write. Or rather, rewrite. Madness. Anyhoo ... I need to get back to working on ARM. I've updated the ETA on the site to just say "October" now. No specific date. So come hell or high water it'll be shipped this month. October 2012 ... not 2013 :) Fingers crossed. Touch wood, and all of that stuff. Have a great weekend! Be Bold. Be Remarkable. Make Things Happen. Andre "promises promises" Chaperon Rember. I'm playing the long game. Every email doesn't need to sell. But it's emails like this one that really bump up that trust equity metric... And I get to leverage that stored "equity" later on when I am promoting something.

# HACK #6 - Build Tension & The Desire

# For More

NOTHING grabs our attention faster than the need to know WHAT HAPPENS NEXT? Ever watched 24 (Jack Bauer)? Ever watched Lost? Ever watched Game of Thrones? Every episode ends in a cliffhanger. And that's not counting all the "sub-plots" that open up all the time and keep you constantly guessing as to what's going to happen next. It keeps you glued to the damn screen . Great writers do this even better. Stieg Larsson's Millennium trilogy? Or Lee Child's Jack Reacher series? You can do the same with email. It's an advanced technique. It's easy to understand. But requires some skill to implement well. This is achieved through the use of open loops (also called story loops). Here's a video snippet from Traffic & Conversion Summit 2012 where Ryan Deiss & Perry Belcher chat about me and what I do with email through the use of open loops... Source: http://andre.ac/openloops I've said this already (HACK #2), and I'll say it again. Tease and flirt with your readers. It builds attraction. But NEVER give it all away... LUST ENDS WHEN CRAVING ENDS. I tease my readers all the time through the subtle use of open loops. Here's an example... <start of snippet> What I'm about to show you is going to freak you out a bit. But if you understand the concept - it will be completely game changing for your marketing. We are *all* hardwired with something called CONFIRMATION BIAS. ... a unique psychological "defect" called The Forer Effect (also called the Barnum Effect). I'll explain why this is important shortly. But first ... I have a short video for you to watch. It'll set the stage, so to speak. Ready? Watch this now (2:24): http://bit.ly/HFoaVv Freaky, right? :-) </end of snippet> I've bolded the open loop. It's a very basic one. I'm simply telling the reader that I'll finish up that story thread in a little bit. It keeps their attention on me. This next snippet is a little more subtle... <start of snippet> In 2007 I ran an "evil" experiment. {GRIN} The result of the experiment bumped my opt-in rate from 20% to 50%. But that wasn't the best part. Because I had changed the dynamics of the opt-in "offer" ... the lead quality went through the roof. I had better subscribers. I sold more. And I did nothing more than a bit of evil reframing. I may show you the whole experiment at some point if you're interested. But I digress... The point is ... my autoresponder sequence didn't change one bit. </end of snippet> Did you see what I did? I built up the desire to find out more about my little "evil experiment" I ran. It's very subtle ... a "by the way" kinda thing. ... and then I just moved on as if nothing had ever happened. I didn't bring up the "evil experiment" again in that email. It drives people freakin' bananas! (I've included the full emails with his training so that you can read and dissect yourself.)

# HACK #7 - Treat Your Customers Like

# You Would Expect To Be Treated

It's really easy to think of people as just numbers... Metrics. Stats. I got 1,332 unique hits to my lead capture page. And 493 signups . That's a 37% opt-in rate . I sent an email to 12,965 subscribers . I generated 123 sales . Earned $8,300. This is why so many marketers see the people on their email lists as just a commodity . Not as real people with feelings, emotions, needs, wants and desires. And when you fall into that trap, like many do, it becomes easy to burn an email list to the ground . But they don't care. Easy come easy go. It's a "machine" and it needs to be worked, hard. Is that how you would want to be treated if you were in their shoes, looking at the world through their lenses? Your customers and clients are the lifeblood of your business. Without them you have nothing. Like Littlefinger in Game of Thrones, play the long game . Nurture that relationship over time between yourself and the people on your email lists. That relationship is the most important asset you have in business.

# HACK #8 - No Need To Sell

Hard selling is for amateurs . There's really no need to "sell" when you already know the product fits their needs like a glove. Your job is simply to bring the product to their attention and then demonstrate to them why it's a perfect fit for them. Once you have the "perfect it" part nailed, building desire through your emails is easy. Here's an example from 2007... {start of snippet} Right ... I had just finished reading the guide. The kicker was that there were a ton of things that I found huge value in, and a few nuggets that I had never heard before -- at least not quite like Chris had presented it (more about that shortly). So off I headed into the ClickBank Marketplace to find some "gold". I didn't dig too deep, and found a product that looked somewhat promising. I followed Chris' Skimming Method and setup a preliminary test campaign in AdWords. This is what Chris says about his Skimming Method… Simply put, we want to enter a very well searched, moderate-to-high earning niche and skim a small amount off the top by paying very little for traffic and making a return of 200-500% by promoting a product as an affiliate. So built a quick test campaign, and like magic, I started making sales: Gross Earnings: $224.83 AdWords Expenses: $74.62 NET Earnings: $150.21 ROI: 301.30% ... so for every $1 I spend I get back over $3. Not bad for AN HOUR'S work, wouldn't you say, bearing in mind that this revenue stream is now setup and on autopilot. {end of snippet} I didn't need to push this product hard. There was really no "selling" involved. I simply shared with them a product I had found and how easy it had worked for me. The desire happened automatically as a result of me demonstrating my results to them. I sold 600 odd copies of that product. I was the #1 affiliate on launch day. (In a later hack I'll show you an email that has zero setting at all , just a random unrelated story about me stuck in Hong Kong. I "sold" using one sentence in the P.S.)

# HACK #9 - ONE Action

This one is simple, yet so many people screw it up. Have ONE desired end result per email. ONE thing that you want the reader to do. I'm tempted to include some examples I've seen that completely violate this rule. But that's probably not a cool thing to do. Don't ask the reader to do many different things. They almost never will. Stick to one thing . I don't always stick to this rule, but then I always have a deeper reason for doing so (it's a little more advanced). As a rule of thumb, almost always have just one call-to- action. That one thing that you want your reader to do. More than one CTA creates choice, which typically results in confusion for many. Remember, attention is scarce. Respect that.

# HACK #10 - Use (Part 1) and (Part 2) In

# The Subject Line

When I'm writing a series of linked emails , I like to append (Part 1) and (Part 2) to the subject line, like this: [ARM] Email Serials (Part 1) [ARM] Email Serials (Part 2) ######## Method (Part 1) ######## Method (Part 2) [ZTH] Different Perspective (Part 1) [ZTH] Different Perspective (Part 2) Or like this: [LLBB] Targeting (Email 2 of 6) [LLBB] Positioning (Email 3 of 6) [LLBB] Squeeze (Email 4 of 6) [LLBB] Traffic (Email 5 of 6) It sets the expectation for more to come. And because people hate missing out on anything, you can be sure they'll let you know if they think they've missed an email in the series. Lemme ask you ... have you ever had a prospect or customer email you to ask you to resend an email? I have. All the time. Even when I'm promoting a product. Think about that.

# HACK #11 - Use a Story To Call Out The

# Best People To Expose To a Promotion

This is tightly linked to HACK #1. I segment a lot (HACK #3). So I typically have a great idea of which people would be the best to target for a particular promotion. (I never send a promotion to everyone.) But sometimes I will hit up everyone to call out any extra people who are interested in being exposed to the promotion. Notice how the dynamics are completely different to the blind emails a lot of marketers send. They want clicks . The more the better. I don't. I only want to talk to people who have raised their hand and specifically said they're interested . Think about that for a second... I get people telling me, "yes, I want you to promote to me because I'm interested in what you have to say." :-) Below is one of these blind emails. I'm sure this works well for him or he wouldn't do it (or perhaps he just doesn't know any better)... SUBJECT: Open up, It's important! Sorry about sounding scary, but this really is important to your online success! As you know, things get saturated rather quickly so I recommend you put your hands on it BEFORE the general public does! Click to go now I don't want to take up more of your time, instead, don't even finish this email, go now and grab it before the counter hits 10,000!!! Grab it now Thanks, #### ######## I've removed the senders name, of course. I approach email marketing very differently... I'm all about transparency (which builds trust). I only want to do business with pre-qualified people (aka who've raised their hand to indicate their interest). I'm not after as many clicks as I can get. Clicks don't mean sales. And like I said in HACK #1, attention isn't free . Racking up clicks just to bump up the vanity metric, ultimately has a negative effect on the health of an email list. Relentlessly bludgeoning people over the head with blind email offers every damn day isn't a smart path to long term relationship nurturing. Here's a recent email I sent to my house list to call out people who would be interested in hearing more about a product launch I was promoting. SUBJECT: Man Flu & Money Systems I'm currently sitting in bed with a tissue stuck in my left nostril to plug the relentless dripping. I'm a sight for sore eyes, let me tell ya. Saturday I was fine... Then BOOM! ... Sunday morning I had a full onslaught of "Man Flu" (which is worse than "Woman Flu" I can promise you ... ask any man). My master plan was to write this email yesterday... Let it "percolate" in my head for a day. Then give it the once over today and fire it out to you. Well yesterday my head was throbbing like a motherfu*cker. Considering I NEVER get headaches, my body didn't know what to do with itself. So I scrapped the email writing for that day. I'm thinking, I'm healthy ... I'll be fine the next day. Err ... no. The roadworks are still going at it hammer and tongs in my head. I say this all only to give you some context. Because the spelling herein may not be to an English teacher's liking. And the flow may seem disjointed at times. It's kinda' coming out the way it's in my head... (All I can say is thank God for spell checking.) Anyhoo ... Excuses over. So why the hell am I emailing you anyway (other than to make you feel a little sorry for yours truly on his birthday week)? Glad you asked :) Lemme start at the beginning... Last year September I flew to San Diego (first time there btw - awesome place, I can see why many of the "gurus" live out there). I attended Email World by Ryan Deiss & Perry Belcher... Guess what the stand out best presentation was (by a long way)? You'll never guess (but if you can, I'm damn impressed!)... It was nothing (nada, zilch, zip) to do with "email". Go figure, eh? In fact it was the only presentation where I took notes. [Fast forward two months to "Black Friday".] Ryan Deiss & Frank Kern did their annual "Black Friday Bootcamp" thingy that they do (which I snapped up for a whole $7). The topic is always different. Just depends on what's "in vogue" at the time. Guess what? (Come on, you must be seeing a pattern by now, Sherlock.) It was the SAME topic as the one presentation that stood out for me at Email World. I kid you not when I say that Ryan and Frank's 7 buck product was my best investment (and best product) of 2013. And the fact that it cost $7 is just wrong. OK, enough with the mystery... Marketing Funnels ... Ta Da! Other than email (of course), I have a real hunger to want to consume everything I can about marketing funnels. It's responsible for connecting up all the sales elements into a flow that turns $1 into many multiples (consistently and predictably). Sec... I'm back. Had to spit out a green slimy thing into the toilet (I have no idea why I'm even telling you that ... must be an effect of the roadworks in my head). I'm one of the partners in a high-level mastermind where our clients pay $7,500 for an hour of "hot seat". And 9 times out of 10 it's their marketing funnel that needs most work. This is why I was so happy then Andy Hussong hit me up last month. Said to me that Todd Brown is bringing out a product called "Six-Figure Funnel Formula". I already get a paid monthly funnel newsletter from Todd, so I know the level of his stuff. He's the go-to guy in the industry that the A-List use. Today is the pre-launch for it (first video goes live at noon Eastern). I'm told there are going to be 3 badass content-only videos (first today, second on Thursday and final one this Sunday)... I've not seen these videos (no affiliates have), so can't personally vouch for them... But knowing Todd (we aren't "syndicate" friends or anything ... I only know of him by reputation), they will be killer. So... If you have a desire, need or interest in learning more about (badass) marketing funnels (which shows you how to build a six-figure funnel), follow this link... http://andre.ac/1vs7 For those of you who are interested, I'll tell you more during the course of this week ( clicking the above link will indicate to me you're interested ). Andre "man flu" Chaperon See how that works? There's a story . It leads into the actual message. It ends with a clear call-to-action . The smoother the segue the better (I've included an example with this training). But in some cases the story can stand all by itself (I'll show you that next). The CTA link was "coded" so that it tagged the people who clicked the link. The actual promotion was then only sent to those tagged (interested) people. In total I ended up tagging 1,391 people. I'll share the results at the end of this hack. I sent out 8 emails for this promotion (which included the above "call out" email). Here is email #7... SUBJECT: [6FFF] Stuck in Hong Kong Airport 6:33pm, March 17, 2014 Hong Kong International Airport The Cathay Pacific attendant scanned my boarding pass. BUZZ! The system flashed red. Sir, can I see your passport please? I handed it over. He stares at it with a deadpan face. Sir, please just stand to the side. An assistant will be right over. Err ... sure. (I think to myself ... I'm sure it's nothing. Prob'ly because we changed our seat location back in London.) ... BUZZ! Exact same process played out for Anita. 2 minutes later an assistant appears. Mr & Mrs Chaperon, do you have visas to enter Australia? I stare at Anita (she handled the bookings). No, I didn't think we needed one, she says. OH SHIT! Our (flawed) logic was that hey, Australia used to a part of the British Empire, and we are British citizens traveling on british passports, so why would we need a visa? ... and once again, proving why assumption is the mother of all #$#@%&. They usher us to a desk next to the boarding line and the lady starts hammering at the keyboard. It'll be 800 HKD for two visas. I can try and get you it now. Just depends. Do you want me to try? GO-FOR-IT! The Cathay Pacific lady fires into action... She seems to have an innate well honed ability to multitask like only a women can. Poetry in motion. No doubt this isn't her first gig dealing with clueless passengers. She picks up the phone all while hammering on the keyboard like a spotty faced programmer. I wonder if she's writing a diary post about two stupid British fools trying to illegally enter the land down under. The boarding queue ebbs away to nada. We're getting really nervous now (understatement)... The gate closes at 6:50pm and it's like 6:49pm now. I ask multitasking wonder-woman if there's any chance we may not get the visa? Yes sir, there is no guarantee that I can get it in time for you. I'm trying my best. But the flight is on a schedule so you may have to book another flight. ... at which point Anita wells up faster than Usain Bolt on steroids. Gate closes. 1 minute later a lady appears running to make the same flight. But the flight assistant now acting at the guardian of the gate entrance, holds out a hand. Sorry, boarding has closed, maam. I'm afraid we can't allow you to board the flight. You can prob'ly picture the scene... Anita and I thinking the worst, watching the powers- that-be refuse entry to a passenger because she's ONE MINUTE LATE. They completely ignore her attempt to throw all her toys out of the pram. 6:55pm. Literally 5 minutes before the flight it schedule to disembark (and I kid you not!) we get confirmation that the visa has gone through. I've never been more relieved in all my life. And I've also never been the last person to board a plane before. First time for everything, I guess. [To be continued...] Andre "never again" Chaperon P.S. Not much time left to pick up Todd Brown's 6FFF (few hours)... http://andre.ac/q6q9 Notice it's all story. There's no selling , even though this was for an actual promotion. The only mention of the promo was one sentence in the P.S. area. This story-based selling works like magic . It requires a bit more work, yes. But it's worth it. No question about that. I was the #1 affiliate for this launch , beating out some big industry names in the process. I only say this to try and impress upon you that there is a better way to do email marketing to how the status quo do it.

# HACK #12 - Soap Opera Sequence

I'll quickly explain to you why using automated follow-up (autoresponder) sequences is the foundation to everything I do. The "how to" is way beyond the scope of this free training session. That said, I have no doubt that a few "ah-ha!" moments will happen here. You can take the concept and use it. The problem with only sending out broadcast emails is that: 1. it's a manual process. 2. only your current target audience will receive the email blast. 3. emails are therefore (almost always) sent in isolation (there's no serialized continuity between past, current, and future emails). 4. requires a lot of commitment (because the onus is on you to send the emails). 5. it doesn't leverage automation . 6. it's not scalable . Listen ... I'm the first one to say that there is no right or wrong way to do things. Email marketing is no different. My good friend Ben Settle is a daily broadcast guy. He has the unwavering commitment to write an email every day, then manually send it out. Works for him. And it works for his clients. I prefer a slightly different approach. Because it allows me to completely control the sequencing, and framing, and path I send new subscribers on to. Remember when Lost (Season 1, Episode 1) hit the TV screen? It was the beginning of a premeditated sequence of episodes that we were carefully lead down, bit by bit, all the time sucking us in deeper and deeper. That's what I do will all my email funnels. The first week, or month, or months (whatever) are made up of a pre-written sequence of emails. I control everything. It moves them along a path, in my direction. It's how I can bond with my audience so quickly and connect with them (from their perspective) so deeply. Here's an illustration of what that looks like... Look at the top line ( SOS #1 ). (Forget about all the other SOSs, that's more advanced and requires a far deeper level of training.) That's a linear sequence of emails that make up what I call a " soap opera sequence ". There's a beginning (email #1) but there is really no end... Over time I keep adding emails to the "end" of the sequence. Eventually what only started out as a Lost Season 1, Episode 1 to 7 ... turns into a full "Season 1" and "Season 2" and "Season 3". Like I said, it really doesn't end. Once people get to a predefined point in my main SOS, I'll " tag " them as nurtured . This is a point that only ever becomes clear to me once I've reached it. But for example purposes, let's say that in the above illustrated SOS, email #14 is that point ... Every person that reaches email #14 will be tagged (or categorized) as "nurtured". Meaning that they're open to receive (manual) broadcasts. (Everyone who doesn't yet have that "tag" will never receive a manual broadcast email.) I use broadcasts, mainly for promotions and if I need to send out a notification about an event that is date-dependent. This way I get to "layer on" different strategies, allowing myself to benefit from both in a very strategic way. This forms the perfect framework for leveraging email. At least in my humble opinion :) Hope you found this short training helpful. Rock on!

# André Chaperon

I sincerely hope you've found this workbook valuable. If so, know this is just the very beginning . On my upcoming training class - "How To Double Your Sales in 30 Days... Without Growing Your List" you're going to get in-depth, world class training on how to make more money with email , almost every time you press 'send '. Follow this tested & proven system and you'll discover how you can squeeze massive profits from tiny email lists easily... even if it's your first try. I won't hold anything back, and you'll learn the secrets of making more money every day - whilst providing massive value to your list. The training is 100% free and takes place on Thursday 12 th of June, U.S. - Thursday June 12, 7pm PDT Europe - Thursday June 12, 7pm BST If you already registered, I'll be emailing you a reminder. If not, you can sign up for free here. http://www.zentrepreneur.com/special/andre-chaperon/invite See you on the class! Andre